"they left out Boardwalk Empire, My claim to fame is at the 35 second mark I was watching that movie live and paused it to go pee only to see his face blowing out. I was shocked but it made me chuckle so took a pic., This was hilarious., That animal Tony Soprano's cousin... I can't even say his name, Made a living from dying. It's a living , I guess., Quiz: name all the movies, And in every movie he was 3 days from retirement., Jessies song in Toy Story 2., The cute little scared shoe melting in acid in Roger Rabbit.",">However, the best performance is from Peter Sarsgaard as Chuck Lane.

Totally agree. His ""I really wish you'd stop saying that"" is one of my favorite line deliveries in any movie, Sarsgaard should have received an Oscar nomination., Its palpably anxiety-feeling for Chuck Lane when hes basically ostracized at the beginning because hes not buying Glasss story. Hes the embodiment of Am I taking crazy pills?","I've become a huge fan of Monique Gabrielle, Not gonna lie the thumbnail looks great., I wish I could tolerate Rich Evan's laugh., RLM is for neckbeard dweebs., These guys usually are., haha I don't mind it but my girlfriend always refers to RLM as ""that laughing guy"", It became a meme to pretend hes the heart of the channel, but if he wasnt in another video I for one wouldnt miss him., I like him but his laugh seems like a cry for attention., My god, my wife decided we'd host German exchange students, and ""Tropic Thunder"" opened the weekend they moved in. Their English was pretty good","Pacing. First time I realized it was watching The Hustler after The Color of Money. I'm by no means an impatient viewer and, my god, the long takes. And of course the current frenetic ADHD editing style makes The Color of Money look sedate., Mid Atlantic accents, Camera shots. Watch any 70s movie and youre bound to get at least one slow pan and zoom from a rooftop across the street or from far away in a real world location. It has the feel of surreptitiously filming strangers than it does like a modern movie.

You never see that style used anymore.","Donnie Darko, American Beauty.  The original was a court room drama where the daughter and boyfriend are on trial for murdering Kevin Spacey.  The boyfriend's video is interspersed as evidence of how terrible they people they were and they plotted his death with flashbacks of what really happened., Casablanca.

Back to the Future.

Most films that became classics in the studio system., All movies have studio interference. You don't hear about it cause it works for the best usually., Mallrats. Directors cut is questionable to the point its amazing anything got salvaged.","Event Horizon, The Innocents (1961), if you like your horror more psychological and slow-burning., Nightbreed is so funny.

Relic, sucks.

Can't wait to see Impetigore., All movies have studio interference. You don't hear about it cause it works for the best usually., Mallrats. Directors cut is questionable to the point its amazing anything got salvaged., I imagine the studio made House Of 1000 Corpses good and probably helped Zombie's two Halloween films as well. I have a sneaking suspicion he was left alone for The Munsters, and imo it shows in the final product.","> Maybe I Do follows Michelle (Roberts) and Allen (Bracey), who have reached the point in their relationship where they are considering the next steps and decide to invite their parents to finally meet. The parents already know each other well  really well  leading to distinct and defining opinions about the value of marriage.  

The plot seems generic but the charm of the romcoms are on the cast and their chemistry. I hope this movie has them., Im not that into romcoms but its good to see them make a bit of a comeback, always good to have range in genres","The fun thing about Sleepaway Camp is, even if you go in knowing about the completely bonkers ending, there are still three or four completely unrelated, completely bonkers other things that will still melt your brain., I remember seeing Sleepaway Camp 2&3 before seeing this one and going in expecting a much different movie than what I got. My first impression was, ""This is crap.""

I have a better appreciation of it today but back then I couldn't believe it was even part of the same series as the sequels were., I remember just thinking it cant be that obvious","How about a list of the movies that these shots are from?

Edit: Thanks!, Top yt comment","Hes not bad in Stargate. I just really love that movie though., He plays a great villain in *Less Than Zero*, Boston Legal., Boston Legal... The show can be a bit 'over the top', but Spader is great in it., Secretary (2002) has him acting opposite Gyllenhaal and the entire movie is mesmerizing. A warning that the sexual trauma it presents may not be for everyone, but if commanding presence is what you're looking for..., 2 days in the valley, Pretty In Pink is a good movie..., The Watcher (2000), Wolf.He plays Jack Nicholson Work Rival., Bad Influence

Wolf

Sex, Lies","This movie is beautiful. Very subtle and understated but a very good look at how racism works in insidious, nearly invisible ways., Why is James Gray such a dork?

Sad., How is he such a dork?, He managed to take a film about Percival Fawcet and transform it into a boring dirge.

His dorkness is undeniable., Hm, seems reductive but ok., No point in arguing with that one. Hes a loonie who keeps showing up with bizarre ass conspiracy theories, reductive takes, and just outright slander into every thread possible. Just ignore, theyll go away eventually., Will do!, The Watcher (2000)","The White Ribbon (Das Weisse Band, 2009) directed by Michael Haneke. 

The Wave (Die Welle, 2008) directed by Dennis Gansel.

They arent exactly what youre looking for, but theyre a lot closer than you think., Swing Kids (1993), Great movies about people living in real facism/authoritarianism that I can think of:

The Spirit of the Beehive

Day of Wrath

Jojo Rabbit, If you've never seen it","Just the question made me think of Inside Man. Usual Suspects count as a heist?, Not the best heist movie, but [Hard Rain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7QxVddVEW0) has a couple of good twists that are quite believable when you consider how much a flood could wash away evidence and thus suspicion.

Also, dunno if [Wild Things](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6DsFyC9l-U) counts as a heist movie (it *is* based around stealing money but through court shenanigans)","I love Mandy. I know its not a move for everyone but for me, if a movie doesnt have a chainsaw fight what are we even doing? Get your shit together Encanto. You expect me to care about a magic house when theres no chainsaw fight? Un-fucking-likely., Every time I watch it I'm more impressed what that absolute narcissist of a cult leader. Just a fragile entitled little nothing who makes shitty music. My absolute favorite scene is when they dose Mandy and he tries to seduce her and she just laughs at him.","I love Mandy. I know its not a move for everyone but for me, if a movie doesnt have a chainsaw fight what are we even doing? Get your shit together Encanto. You expect me to care about a magic house when theres no chainsaw fight? Un-fucking-likely., Every time I watch it I'm more impressed what that absolute narcissist of a cult leader. Just a fragile entitled little nothing who makes shitty music. My absolute favorite scene is when they dose Mandy and he tries to seduce her and she just laughs at him.","All I can think of is ""Us"" when the topic is doppelgangers :\`(, The invasion, possibly?, Idk but looper is a good film with time travel so sorta Doppler ganger ig, Might be ,Darkness (2007)., Unfortunately not, We thought it was, but it he said ending isn't quite right, It pairs well with Color out of Space (nic cage also) and Glorious., This is his best movie., Like a Heavy Metal Magazine story come to life., I remember not liking the first hour at all beyond the visual style but it all being worth for the bombastic second hour.","Could be either a nod, or a coincidence.

Well off 'gunslinger' types would at times wear both suspenders to hold up their pants in a sophisticated fashion and a gunbelt for business.

Things really got wild when they would also employ concealed 'jackass' shoulder holsters under a coat/jacket and a traditional gunbelt at the sale time. Double the fun., The invasion, possibly?, Idk but looper is a good film with time travel so sorta Doppler ganger ig, Might be ,Darkness (2007)., Unfortunately not, We thought it was, but it he said ending isn't quite right","The visuals in this were great, it had a really cool style. Unfortunately, Im sad that I wound up not liking this as much as I wanted to. The story was all over the place. It didn't feel as tight as Selick's other films. Wasn't bad, but wasn't amazing either., I had my problems with the plot and characterization (and blunt if necesary messages) but my god the animation, designs and soundtrack were amazing. Any movie with Specials, Death, X-Ray Spex and TV on the Radio all together gets plenty of extra points from me.","Probably bc the movie pulls a switcheroo on the audience and people disliked it lol, Yeah my friends and I threw this on thinking we were getting a scary movie, and instead we were falling asleep within 20 minutes.

Im sure the film had something to say, but whatever it was I missed it, Thanks for the spoiler, Damn, Robotnik was such a dick, wasn't he?, What's that sound they kept playing throughout the movie? Whar other movie has used it?, Its just a hard horrible movie to watch there is no honour in war just people dieing needlessly, It was a really great movie","X was solid but Pearl was very meh, Really surprised to see this comment. X was fun but felt unfocused and irreverent in a Texas Chainsaw Massacre sort of way, which makes sense because thats what hes alluding to. However, Pearl felt like it actually had something to say. Ive always liked Ti West but felt like he could never stick the landing, but with Pearl it really felt like he finally did it., You should write reviews for a living","Ok, don't hurt me, but... Daniel Radcliffe.

I actually really like him as an actor nowadays. I think he's excellent, genuinely.

I also think he was miscast as Harry Potter.

So much of the cast was spot on, that he always stood out to me as not being quite *there*., I've never been 100% certain what Sir Anthony Hopkins was doing as Van Helsing in Bram Stoker's Dracula., I always felt that Kiera Nightly and what's his face in the Pride and Prejudice (or was it the other one) adaptation were miscast","Halloween, Rocky horror picture show, Beetlejuice, Halloween or Scream for me, Shaun of the dead, My husband and I usually watch the original Halloween or The Fog., My go tos are Trick R Treat, and Tucker and Dale Vs Evil. Both of them just make the night. Helps that my neighbor has a life sized Sam animatronic , Really depends on the mood! Original Halloween is hard to beat for the seasonal vibes. Exorcist or the Conjuring for straight up horror. For lighter fare, Fright Night 85, Hocus Pocus or Ghostbusters are all good. Maybe a Simpsons Treehouse of Horror classic marathon.","Contracts.  The order of names on posters, in credits sequences, even phrases like with X or special appearance by y is contracted.

She may have had a different kind of deal for more money or a worse agent., Thats interesting, and I dont have an answer to your specific question about Carrie Fisher. 

I just noticed this recently in the film Broadcast News (1987), in which  Jack Nicholson has a cameo, a pleasant surprise as a powerful network news anchor. 

The role was too small to be credited as a reason to SEE the film, so I guess thats the definition of a cameo.

Ive never seen Soapdish","[Infini [Blu-ray]](https://www.amazon.com/Infini-Blu-ray/dp/B0128QPYI6/) - took me less than a minute to find it.  
  
>Product Description  
>BLU-RAY ZONE B NINE Languages: French, English Subtitles: French 23rd century. A rescue team must travel to a remote mining colony - Infinite - to rescue Whit Charmicael, the sole survivor of an unexplained biological epidemic., Thats interesting, and I dont have an answer to your specific question about Carrie Fisher. 

I just noticed this recently in the film Broadcast News (1987), in which  Jack Nicholson has a cameo","Thoracic vertebrae aren't in you neck., After watching this trailer, I know even less about the movie. Interesting.., Lmao 

[classic](https://youtu.be/GTKZ0Z-2k2s), Looks so incredibly bad, They got a lotta vagus nerve., Hey I think it might be a metaphor, Not a doctor but that should be around the chest, right, The top or first thoracic is arguably in what some people would call the neck, but the fifth is definitely the upper chest., You'd also have some rib problems as well without the vertebra to attach to.","I would guess it's not the dystopian fascist state he has a problem with, having grown up in it and rose in the ranks of the group that keeps that state in power, but the shooting of unarmed citizens, which this must've been the first time he himself was ordered to do so. We know they suppress all news so it wouldn't be out of the question that Ben didn't know the murder of unarmed civilians was something that happened.

I took a look at The Running Man's TV Tropes but nothing jumped out at me as what you're looking for., You had me at","Juno. Both the Father and Mother are great. They're fantastic. Great performances and they just feel real., You had me at, ""The Specialist"". Damn it if I didn't watch that on a loop the summer of my middle school years  if I'm ever in a hurry or in a place where it's chaotic to pee (outside/side of the road/someone banging on the door etc.) I still catch myself quoting ""fff***ckkk HoHkAy!!"" in my best Antonio Banderas voice like when he's waiting for Sly in the tower  great 90s movie. The ""explosive teacup"" is still the best yet ridiculous assassination bit ever.","""James Cameron is constantly stating that he was waiting eagerly for the proper 3D cinematography technology to shoot the Avatar sequels and screen it on IMAX 3D. So there you go. This technology which was invented by Pawel Achtel, allows us the privilege of watching the stunning underwater sequences of Avatar 2, on IMAX 3D, correctly, precisely, strain-free, and with maximum immersion."", This is such a terribly written article for a content farm style website.

Apart from the hilarious sub-heading errors, i.e. ""What James Camera is saying?"", ""What is Submersible Lenses""","Stalingrad (1993) perhaps for the WW2 movie. Set on the Eastern Front and a woman is tied to a bed in one scene., I don't know either, but try asking on r/tipofmytongue, OMG you just gave me a trauma flashback. It is Stalingrad and that scene with that poor woman deeply disturbed me watching it as a teen, bc my grandma told me a horrible story about the Russians and what they did to a little girl here when they ""liberated"" us. Pigs., Thx mate!!  thats one down, will download it right away., Glad I could help. ","Super Mario Bros. That had a lot of interesting choices. A lifelike dinosaur for Yoshi? A grimy cyberpunk world? Dennis Hopper?, This is gonna sound weird, but Mr Woodcock always struck me as a concept for a movie that could have been really great, Vivarium had me hooked with the plot and man did they completely whiff., Old, Horror movies in general seem to have a bunch of cool concepts but often lack in execution., Timeline (2003) - told the book is way better but even if you decided to go another route, how you fumble a time travel movie idea like that?, Vivarium","28 Weeks Later. Probably one of the scariest openings to a film of all time., Even though I like all of the Final Destination movies, the prologues are always the best part of those movies. Also, Ghost Ship was the first thing that came to mind, I don't even remember the rest of that movie., I will defend the watchmen movie to the death, tho i see why it has detectors.

That intro, tho, is PERFECT., Army of the Dead. The movie was pretty bad but the opening credits showing the Vegas zombie war was pretty great., Star Trek (2009). Not a bad movie","The Audrey Hepburn movie Wait Until Dark is unsettling to say the least, and has one of the greatest jump scares I can think of., The Machinist, Midsommar 

The latest invisible man

The ritual 

Black swan

Creep

Creep 2 

The lodge

The gift

Suspiria the remake

10 cloverfield lane

1408 

Just to name a few lol, These are my absolute favorite type of horror movies. The Shining and Rosemarys Baby are the pinnacle for me as well. Hereditary and Midsommar are two of my
Favorite newer ones. The Haunting of Hill House on Netflix is a ten part series, it is incredible","I'm a grown ass man and I had some trouble sleeping after watching The House That Jack Built. It was 1am after working late and I put it on because I couldn't sleep. There's still imagery from that movie thats seared in my memory. 

I still haven't seen A Serbian Film and don't particularly intend to.

Are you referring the German or US Funny Games? I love the US version but have yet to watch the original German version., I'm going to second Blair Witch... I'm old enough that I was an adult when it was released in theaters","I just finished watching the new All Quiet on the Western Front, which had me shifting around quite a bit. The movie is beautiful and heart-wrenching for many different reasons, but the overwhelming tension and dread that hangs over the entire film makes for a very atmospheric viewing. Whilst the combat itself is quite brutal there are many harrowing scenes throughout the film that show the horror and brutality of war, as well as how mechanised and industrialised warfare has become., Honestly the #1 answer is probably The King of Comedy. It's just too real, Irreversible","Its one thing to disagree with an Oscar win, but it doesnt rise to the level of an injustice., I'm still sore over Mickey Rourke losing for The Wrestler to Sean Penn for Milk., Richard Attenborough claimed Steven Spielberg should've won Best Picture and Director for *E.T.* over *Gandhi*. 

Richard Attenborough directed and produced *Gandhi*., The Oscars are unimportant., Sam Mendes winning best Director for American Beauty over Spike Jonze for Being John Malkovich was a big one for me.","Shirley MacLaine is so good in this film especially the scene where she's denying her feelings and then finally admits to them. Such a great scene., It's because it's not quite what Victim (1961) is for gay men and I think it's probably what it's unfavorably compared to. 

But I like it a lot, big fan of both Hepburn and MacLaine and they're the perfect team-up., William Wyler may be the most overlooked great Hollywood director. He was a master at staging a scene., I hated that fucking lying brat so much.","Letterboxed; https://letterboxd.com/about/importing-data/, What are the benefits of this functionality?, icheckmovies.com can import rating info from imdb, I hated that fucking lying brat so much., I think the film is often neglected because the filmmakers were really hamstrung by how overt they could be on the subject of homosexuality. Is the word lesbian even voiced by anyone in this movie?, This film has one of the greatest villains in film history. So far","Well, it certainly depends. According to Christina the movie (and her autobiography) are 100% true. According to Joan Crawfords estate, much of it is exaggerated, misremembered, or plain false. I personally think the truth is somewhere in the middle, as is often the case with she said/she said tell-all books and refutations, but I dont think well ever know the full truth., Id recommend the Mommie Dearest episode from the You Must Remember This podcast.

Joan could be ruthless but its still debatable if she was abusive.","Well, it certainly depends. According to Christina the movie (and her autobiography) are 100% true. According to Joan Crawfords estate, much of it is exaggerated, misremembered, or plain false. I personally think the truth is somewhere in the middle, as is often the case with she said/she said tell-all books and refutations, but I dont think well ever know the full truth., Id recommend the Mommie Dearest episode from the You Must Remember This podcast.

Joan could be ruthless but its still debatable if she was abusive.","100 - The Blair Witch Project, 1999

99 - Hxan, orWitchcraft Through the Ages, 1922

98 - The Conjuring, 2013

97 - The Burning, 1981

96 - They Look Like People, 2015

95 - In Fabric, 2019

94 - Sator, 2021

93 - The Invitation, 2016

92 - Paranormal Activity, 2007

91 - Creepshow, 1982

90 - Black Christmas, 1974

89 - The Stuff, 1985

88 - Lake Mungo, 2008

87 -Goodnight Mommy, 2014

86 - The Wolf Man, 1941

85 -Carnival of Souls, 1962

84 - The Host, 2006

83 -A Dark Song, 2017

82 -The Bad Seed, 1956

81 -Society, 1989

80 -Friday the 13th, 1980

79 -We Are Still Here","Dr. Acula, Wow watched this yesterday. Far too little Cushing and Lee (should be the whole movie instead of Mods drinking hot chocolate.) The Alucard scene is hilarious though. London in the early 70s did seem swingin, I will say. 
If anything could do for a remake it's this. One of the great titles for a movie of all time., For some reason this flick is called Dracula jagt Mini-Mdchen in German, which translates to Dracula Chases Tiny Girls. No idea why. I saw the film and it's fairly entertaining., Sounds like an episode of Scooby Doo","I'll watch any 90's Nick Cage movie., Snake Eyes is super underrated imo. A definite gem for anyone who appreciates sports/guns/Cage lol, I had this on dvd back in the day and watched it many times. Thanks for the reminder to watch it again cause its been years, That video guy in the booth has got to be one of the laziest guys.

So a major thing happened, and at no point does he decide to review the video that he's been recording?

Also, the original ending, which I just saw on youtube a couple of weeks ago, is pretty crazy.

A giant waves crashes into the pier","Pretty sure they already have something for this

Edit:

https://s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/mt-website-prod-contentbucket-1tg1jr7b5zn9a/images/amenities/extras-captiview.jpg

Just ask customer service for one of these, A lot of movies are closed captioned you just have to ask for a special device. Also more and more im seeing open caption movies pop up with the subtitles on screen, The Buddhist temple I go to has service in Japanese. They give you a headset that has English translation.

Could work in the movies., I have been to the cinema in Buenos Aires, Argentina","Lol, the two fist fights I've ever witnessed was alot of vocal blustering, then one guy threw a good punch and the other was down.  One punch. So when I see these movies where guys are duking it out and trading punches forever, I just go bullshit!, Up until recently, if you were filming or stage performing a fight scene, no contact of any kind was being made.  So you need sound effects to convey the hit to the audience.

Similarly on radio, you only have sound effects","Money Plane, Where can I sign the petition to ban the 7 second trailer that plays before the trailer?, This looks stupid as fuck. I'll probably watch it., Looks like the most expensive Redbox movie ever., I miss Snakes on a Plane.

That was such a fun stupid movie, Pitch Black but separatists-rebels instead of aliens. looks like dumb fun., Hey who changed this movie's name from \[Insert title here\]?","It Follows was really creepy, imo. I also really enjoyed Hereditary and Midsommar, as well as Sinister and Raw., The original Omen . Terrified me as a small child. Not sure how I got to watch it, The Exorcist, I watched speak no evil 2022 last night and that movie has stuck with me since. Pretty disturbing, Kathy Bates in Misery scared me because that could be a real person not a supernatural killer, The Thing, The House That Jack Built was extremely unsettling and has some imagery that is still seared in my brain years later.","Dont like Fargo?

I'm not sure I agree with you a hundred percent on your police work, there, Lou., > I don't understand why Fargo is considered to be one of the greatest films of all time.

""Dark Comedy"", How was he a jerk?  When was he not a jerk?  He possibly impregnated his friends wife.  Then he tried to borrow money from said friend to pay for an abortion. The same friend who got him work as a session guitarist.  He was a jerk to his sister, a jerk to the people who let him crash on their couch, a jerk to his friends because they were successful musicians","Scream with me and you'll see a world of pure mutilation...

Edit: I forgot the word me., I cant bring myself to watch it again. Grandpa Joes level of evil literally turns my stomach, Thanks for the reminder I need to do my yearly rewatch.  


I have to check out the sequel maybe I will do a double feature., He kills it because the things he saw in vietnam made him CCCCCRRRRAAAAZZZZYYYY!!!  (obscure Simpsons reference on a character modeled after Willy Wonka...get google'n people), love this movie! the music in it was so good and even better that Isaac can sing great himself.","Odd coincidence , last night on TV I surfed into 'Hot Shots : Part Deux' , a movie I have never seen...and saw a sequence where Martin and Charlie Sheen are on separate 'Apocalypse Now' style patrol boats , as they pass each other they both said ' Loved you in Wall Street'.., Heat, the shootout scene. Or Sicario's shootout. Both excellent movies., Jaws.

*Japanese submarine slammed two torpedoes into her side, Chief. We was comin back from the island of Tinian to Leyte. Wed just delivered the bomb. The Hiroshima bomb. Eleven hundred men went into the water. Vessel went down in 12 minutes.*","The Other Guys, Rush Hour, True Lies, Midnight run 

Lethal weapon series 

Shanghai Noon and Knights

48 hours 

Tango and Cash

Cannonball run

Double Team 

Die Hard 3, Hot Fuzz, Spy, Scott pilgrim vs the world, ready player one, free guy, baby driver, keanu, 21 and 22 jump street, Big Trouble in Little China, It's a little on the older side now, but Blue Streak fits the bill., The *Naked Gun* trilogy, particularly the first 2--the third one is kind of so-so., The Nice Guys with Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe, Tropic Thunder. Watch it then watch the commentary version., kung fu hustle","I really like Guy Pearce ever since I saw LA Confidential and Memento last year. I wish he was in more stuff., Neponset Circle:

>Against a backdrop of politics and corruption, Neponset Circle follows a brilliant but disgraced detective Jimmy OMannon, fresh out of prison and trying to rebuild his life. Jimmy soon finds himself plunged into a horrific case tracking down a serial killer that his former partner and best friend Ray Delaney is investigating. As Jimmy and Ray delve deeper into the case and the body count multiplies","If there are entire scenes/characters/etc... you could cut without losing virtually anything on the hero's journey, that's a bad script.

If the exposition is forced and unnatural, that's a bad script.

No matter how good an actor you are, if you're playing a seasoned lawyer walking up the court steps to a trial with your co-counsel and the two of you are discussing the basics of the case for the benefit of the audience as if you haven't known them for years",I think you're underestimating how many active filmmakers literally grew up on this stuff. Even in the 80s and 90s they'd get frequent runs on cable TV (which was far less diverse than our modern media landscape).,"It sounds ridiculous but i have been trying for YEARS to identify this specific kid's show/movie that i remember watching as a child that scared the shit outta me lol. It involved puppet characters or toys or something that could talk, and there was a scary forbidden area of their house(?) called ""The Bean Land"" which was behind the Bean Land Door. There was even a song that I still remember about The Bean Land Door, and my twin also remembers this program","Maybe this is a weird recommendation, but Hugo (2011) it's a great movie for kids, it has colorful and amazing characters, a good story and it makes you appreciate Georges Melies as a great filmmaker and the art of ""making a movie"", My advice is to just let them appreciate what they like, and focus on media literacy and thoughtful criticism.

Telling them this is a good movie and this is a bad movie is just going to establish a bias that ultimately causes them to miss out on a lot of great cinema., Jurassic Park and Terminator revolutionized film making with their CGI. However","Are they good films? Its a late night here and I want to watch a film with some depth. And Korea has some fantastic movies where the attention to detail is top notch along with interlocking plots., Maybe they were just made by the same company?, Decision to Leave was brilliant, go for it, Bunraku

Beautiful film, 60s have some gems: Ghandi, Doctor Zhivago, Butch Cassidy and The Sundance Kid, Lawrence of Arabia, Growing up my parents would buy the deluxe edition of films and after we watched the movie we would watch the bonus features","I watched it for the first time way back in the 1990s and it disgusted me (i won't tell you why or i will spoil it for you) but beside the disgust, to me it's a masterpiece, much, much more complex and sophisticated than its infamy as a piace of exploitation might make you think.
Also, under the antifascist surface, it's more of a condemnation of the capitalistic/consumeristic society of postwar Italy (i don't mean to act all intellettual but anyone with a bit of familiarity with Pasolini will catch this)., It is the one Pasolini film I'm not sure I'll ever watch, It's shocking","Where did you watch it? I cant find it on any streaming platforms., Agreed. I really enjoyed it. The people that need to see it most won't watch it though, unfortunately., I watched this and pretty much every other movie I watch on a website called www.couchtuner0.com, Definitely a masterpiece. Not just disturbing and grotesque smut, even though thats part of the appeal. Its a fascinating and extremely cold look at human evil., It's like 'A Serbian Film'","You think overlooked by the Academy and come up with American Psycho but not Citizen Kane? 

I mean Its definitely a take., The Academy doesn't just add categories on a whim. The last time they added one was in 2001 when Best Animated Feature Film was introduced. Before that was 1981 with Best Makeup and Hairstyling. Then you have to go all the way back to 1948 for Best Costumes., A special award category just for Josie and the Pussycats., Well it ain't gonna happen.

but if it did.... the one thing that needs to be acknowledged is the best acting performance of all time.

Sadly","Pink Flamingos

Spartacus 

The Exorcist

Taxi Driver

The Wicker Man

The Good, the Bad and the Ugly

M

Breathless

Rosemarys Baby

I Am Curious (Blue/Yellow)

A Clockwork Orange

Los Olvidados

___

Seems like they just don't like good movies. Those are some of the best movies ever made, I'm satisfied that the LOD went away. It only encouraged infantilizing regression among ""the Faithful"". Sure, it provided a kind of guideline of sorts, but the entire censoriousness of its core purpose, to me, was uglier than any of the films it condemned. There was also, IIRC","The dinner scene in *The Sixth Sense* in which Dr. Malcolm Crowe's wife Anna seemingly gives him the silent treatment, while in actuality she is alone and mourning her husband., I think monologues sometimes exemplify this. Christopher Walken's pocket watch speech in Pulp Fiction is an example. A kid would normally respond in some way but he was silent, and that certainly added to the effect., No country for old men, Fargo, Portrait of a lady on fire, First Reformed, The shape of water

Call me by your name, may be clich to say but Godfather I & II use silence better than any other film imo","Looper

Moon

Edge of Tomorrow 

District 9

The Terminator

Terminator 2: Judgement Day

Event Horizon 

Equilibrium

Snowpiercer

Minority Report

Dune (1984 and 2021)

Aliens

Blade Runner 2049, >Alien (1979): I am about halfway through this film. I'll admit I am kind of not enjoying it so far. The characters are really dumb so far. Especially","Fuck Bill Maher. Hes the human equivalent of Brian Griffin. Smuggest piece of shit who somehow still has a platform because tenure, I guess, even though hes been an asshole his entire career., Bill Mahers a joke, QT and Bill Maher having a conversation is a whirlwind of insufferably, Thanks for sharing, His career shouldve started and ended with Hard Knocks, Lol he really is Brian griffin you nailed it, [Pretty](https://youtu.be/loAgmHFkE10) much, How is QT insufferable, Have you listened to him talk? Have you seen any interview hes ever given","i heard jack nicholson was the first to get a massive paydeal on batman 1989 he wanted 10 percent of the box office and made about 60 million dollars
keanu  Reeves did the same for the matrix 2 and earned 100 mill
i have no clue what the rock would earn as black adam ,it seems hes the biggest star right now, I know Liz Taylor was the first actor to get a million dolars for only one picture. She asked it as a joke but Fox accepted her request (soon they'd regret it)., Actors used to be what sold movies","""'Deserves got nothing to do with it.""

William Munny, *Unforgiven*, Clint Eastwood in Escape from Alcatraz:

""What kind of childhood did you have?""

""Short.""

Can't get a more ""short"" movie quote than that., Will's response to the line ""I'll see you in hell, William Munny"" in *Unforgiven:*     

""Yeah."", *If it bleeds, we can kill it.*, ""We're gonna need a bigger boat."", ""Rollo Tomassi.""  This sparks the movie's big revelation., ""What if my problem wasn't that I don't understand people","In Bruges - A film about purgatory and honor masquerading as a gangster comedy. Two hit men hide out in Bruges after a hit gone wrong. It's like Snatch but more sentimental. One of the best written screenplays I've ever seen. Every detail happens for a reason with no wasted space, **Barbarian**

Easily wormed itself into my list of favorite horror movies. Cinematography, direction and shift in perspective effortlessly evelates this one above its peers., **Traingle of Sadness (9/10)** - I'm not sure how to review this movie without spoilers","Freddy is not the beating heart of the movie, Figs is. Every realisation Freddy comes to and we the audience come to Figs' character planted the seed., You blewwwww it~~~!

Hands are tied now., Being right is not a bullet proof vest Freddy!, Damn. No credit given to ""Superboy"", Michael Rapaport. Heartbroken., Gloria Trillo lmao, Great underrated movie, Stallone reminded people he could act but without a doubt among all those heavy hitters Ray Liotta stole the show. He sadly didn't get enough great roles to match his talent. I watched his breakout film ""Something Wild"" just a few weeks ago","Wow this cast is insane., I read that title as if GameStop had a streaming service and this was their first film , But who TF is gonna be Deepfuckingvalue, I made like 10000 bucks on that gamestop shitshow. Definitely dumb but good money, This is filming in North Jersey right now, Somewhere between well rounded and semi random, We have been getting ridiculous ensembles lately, but this is definitely the most random. I still quite like almost everyone in the cast, and am huge a fan of some, Dawn.

I'd love to see what Day might have looked like if George had gotten the budget he wanted.","Huge fan, I even read the novelization as a kid for some reason.

>!Ed's death sequence was horrifyingly sad and Amy's final form/face scared the hell out of me as a kid despite it being the main monster on the movie poster.!<

I did think it was darkly humorous. ""Welcome to FRRRIGHT! NIGHT! *waggles long talon* For real."" Chris Sarandon was a serious threat, and there was always the sense that he loved injecting a cruel sort of sarcastic cat-and-mouse humor to his murders. 

Pretty good [soundtrack, too](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bp8ltiqnzc), for awesome 80s schlock.","Did they chuck a chair into the crowd to get everybody in the mood?, did someone assault the conductor at least?, Did someone say fuck off Johnny Utah, turn my pages BITCH, I had a chance a few years ago to see La La Land in concert featuring the Milwaukee Symphony, one of Justin Hurwitzs hometown orchestras, and the pianist who performed on the soundtrack, but I didnt go because I hadnt yet seen the movie. Probably was a great concert.","District 9, John Carpenter's The Thing, from about 1982, Predator, Pans labyrinth always stick out to me, Aliens, Pumpkinhead.goes to show how talented Stan Winston was, he designed that, Alien Queen, Predator, T-800, Jurassic Park T-Rex and countless other , lesser known monsters!, The dark crystal, The mutant bear in Annihilation is pretty good., The aliens from Edge of Tomorrow look incredible., A Clive Barker movie from the 90s called Nightbreed has some amazing and creative makeup effects., The Host (2006)

I was not expecting to see so much monster, Attack the block","Check out the apps Hoopla and Kanopy as well - you need your library card to use them but then you can stream tons of movies.  

Don't expect Netflix, though - it trends toward more arthouse-type fare., Library lifer here. Love hearing that you support your local branch/system!

Listen to this man, support your local library! We need all the use we can get in an age if streaming and diminishing returns on tax dollar funding. If your location is funded in part/solely by a levy, always vote yes! It's pennies on the dollar and a value to every taxpayer, and not just for entertainment.","Great interview, but I feel like Charlie wasn't listening when Mann kept saying that advertising is a skill set he doesn't possess in great quantities. 

Never did make that western., lol @ Charlie Rose immediately expressing conflict of interest in interviewing Mann about this movie. What a disgrace., I might be wrong but would that be a journalistic obligation to disclose for the audience?, It goes beyond disclosure in the name of journalistic ethics when he says he has issues with the film","Rise of the foot soldier, Rise of the Footsoldier (2007) ? [IMDb link](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0901507/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_0), Yes! Thanks been looking for years . This is the scene https://youtu.be/WvuNwTvNUug?t=1m43s, It goes beyond disclosure in the name of journalistic ethics when he says he has issues with the film, calls himself part of ""the 60 Minutes family"" and then immediately goes on to emphasize ""What you were making, *a movie*""","Hes a fantastic director, yeah.  Coraline is legit terrifying., The Blank Check Podcast is doing a miniseries on him starting next month. Just sayin., Lack of mention of coralline in the headline hurts, He also directed Monkeybone which was utter dogshit., Nice! I look forward to 7 minutes of Selick discussion  across 6 hours of podcasting., How come Moonrise Kingdom did not make either list?, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom

Well spotted :-), We need a Rise of the Kingdom.","Synopsis:

>Dust Bunny will tell the story of an eight-year-old girl who enlists the help of her intriguing neighbor to kill the monster under her bed that she believes ate her family.

Fuller is writing and directing, reuniting with Mikkelsen for the first time since Hannibal ended in 2015., One of my favorite actors, I'll watch anything this man is in. Great actor! 

Im still disappointed that they canceled Hannibal., Mads should be in every movie.","I don't know how you make this list and not include Raw., I really liked the Fear Street Trilogy! It had such a nostalgic horror feel. Was such a fan of RL Stine growing up., This is a pretty lame list. Everyones seen Babadook and I thought Cam, Fresh, and the Candyman remake were pretty bad. The Fear Street trilogy was also just kinda okay.

I would  highly recommend Titane, Relic, Saint Maud, 12 Hour Shift, Violation (2020), Amulet, Censor","Im a sucker for anything shot in 35 mm, Sssoooo.

>!Theyre the same person, right? Thats what happens?!<, finally, a movie we get Tilda Swinton to play all the parts!, Tilda, family ghost type story, explorations of family pasts? 

Into it.","Club Dread.  Comedic genius imo, really a great movie if you take it for what it is meant to be., Critical opinion has finally flipped to a positive apprehension, but I've heard too many people hating-on the Charlie Kaufman-scripted genre-onion wonder that is **Confessions Of A Dangerous Mind**., The Postman (1997). Stars Kevin Costner., Southland Tales - A totally bizarre sci-fi satire about a hyper-polarized America falling into fascism after a nuclear terrorist attack in Abilene, Texas, featuring plans to use a celebrity to take the White House, porn stars as pundits","Theatrical release is a big surprise to be honest, Low-budget is putting it mildly. 

All the production company behind the movie does is take works that are public domain and try to profit off them with poorly made garbage. 

It's like your least favorite clickbait news site but with movies instead of articles.

Encourage people to check out some of their other crap: 

https://imdb.com/search/title/?companies=co0862075, Blood and Money., Chinese dictator Xi doing acting as a side hustle.  Good to see., So weird., I'll be there., Let's see if it will be introduced in China","Theatrical release is a big surprise to be honest, Low-budget is putting it mildly. 

All the production company behind the movie does is take works that are public domain and try to profit off them with poorly made garbage. 

It's like your least favorite clickbait news site but with movies instead of articles.

Encourage people to check out some of their other crap: 

https://imdb.com/search/title/?companies=co0862075, Blood and Money., Chinese dictator Xi doing acting as a side hustle.  Good to see., So weird., I'll be there., Let's see if it will be introduced in China","Imagine & Ron Howard STRADDLE True Crime Thriller 'Origin of Species'

Imagine & Ron Howard ENTER True Crime Thriller 'Origin of Species' 

Imagine & Ron Howard PENETRATE True Crime Thriller 'Origin of Species', It was Darwin.

There, I saved you 2 hours., The title sounds like a caveman wrote it, Would be a good title for a Species prequel, something is making speices go extinct in the Galapgos islands, and Detective Charles Dawrin is on the case.","Emile Hirsch bashed someone up pretty badly at some point, right?, Weird cast for a Floyd Mayweather documentary, Not a lot of people believe me when I tell them this, but Im actually related to him. He was my grandads cousin or something like that. Pretty cool stuff., sounds like a direct to video film with that cast, Whos playing Mayweather? These people all white. , alpha dog reunion, He violently strangled a woman until she blacked out. Fuck that dude, scum like him belongs in jail not movies. 

He basically grabbed me at the curve of the elbow, choked me up, threw me across the table","SUPER: ""Don't steal, don't deal drugs, don't moleste kids"", Lets not forget the timeless classic Tromeo and Juliet, Super told me James Gunn has a really sharp and keen eye for opening credit sequences. At first its like, WTF, but it keeps getting better and better until youre into it full force., Super is in my top 20 of all time, Holy shit, someone actually giving some love to The Specials!, SHUT UP, CRIME! made me laugh pretty hard when I first heard it. Gunn is the man., I enjoyed super , I love what he's doing now and I'm super happy for his success","*The Autopsy* on *Cabinet of Curiosities* is the same director, and that's pure class, I think down the line it will be a cult classic. 

Personally, while there were parts I thought were really cool, I didn't really like it as a whole and thought it went for a bit too long., Never seen it but interested to after watching Prior's The Autopsy (which was the strongest episode of Cabinet of Curiosities IMO)","I want to see a proper adaptation of The Most Dangerous Game., Dante from the Divine Comedy., Any of the Jules Verne novels., Comedy of Columbus trying to go to India but lost in Noth America instead. All his crew telling him we are in the wrong way, but he is too big head to listen to anyone, Carmilla. Baffles my mind we haven't seen a big budget Carmilla. 

Lesbian vampire story published 26 years before Dracula, set in the Austria alps. You may have seen an in-name-only version of Carmilla in the recent Castlevania series.

Various small budget versions have been made","It was a huge hit in the 70s.  You'd hear ""The Entertainer"" everywhere you went.  It won best picture.","my absolute favorite film is about a young man suffering for lack of family love, love for life, and love for himself: Harold & Maude

it is a brilliant film and worthy of far more than the cult status it has earned.

Some others: Pieces of April, L.I.E., About Time - more about Father/Son relationships, but has the pace and feel of a romantic movie. 

""I Love You Man"" is pretty straight Rom Com, but the ""romance"" is a friendship not a romantic relatinoship. Bucket List follows in a similar vein.","I cannot recommend Ernest Scared Stupid enough. It deserves the love that Hocus Pocus gets., Abbot and Costello meet Frankenstein., Scary Movie series

Tucker & Dale Vs Evil

Shaun of the Dead

Roseanne & Modern Family Halloween episodes, Monster Squad!, The Haunting Hour and Goosebumps are YA spooky TV shows that I really like.

Jenny Nicholson did a video on spooky Halloween content that mentions them: https://youtu.be/BZeVfn_8ajk, Monster House, Hilarious House of Frightenstein - its for kids, but I wonder if you might still find something worth checking out.","Well not my favorite but it is certainly one of the best, so weirdly hypnotic and despite being dystopian, Cronenberg still manages to find some depraved sense of beauty in the film. Also Kristen Stewart gives one of my favorite performances all year, Awesome of him to draw attention to an old master. I was honestly worried that this movie would be tame lol, but it might be the Cronenbergiest Cronenberg yet. The man is totally unfettered by age or market demands. Blew me away., He's right","One of my favourite movies despite all its miscasting flaws and bizarre Hopkins performance. Watched it over and over in my teens , For all its flaws Gary Oldman is beyond amazing and carries this movie on his back across a battlefield. And my teen self loved ms Ryder in many scenes., The first time the ""Lovers separated by oceans of time"" was applied to Dracula was not in the original novel. It's Dan Curtis' Dracula (1974). With Jack Palance as Dracula.

But before, another vampire tried to reunite with his reincarnated lover","The Scorpion King

That shit was the best when i was 10, The Revenant. Left the cinema thinking it was one of the greatest movies of all time, now I think its just *good*. Not completely awful or horrible, but I guess it didnt translate very well from the cinema screen onto, well, any other normal-sized screen., There's an indie teen comedy from the late 90s called Eight Days a Week where this dork professes his love for his neighbor and she says no. But then he vows to live on her lawn","I think it was great, were the minority here., I kinda felt like it was trying too hard to be two different things- a gritty, violent drama, but also a trippy homage to Norse mythology. In trying to straddle the line it lost something that would've made it stand out. Cinematography and acting were great, the plot and characters just weren't developed that well. 

I enjoyed it for what it was but I did not think it was nearly as good as The Witch., It wasn't weird and artsy enough for those who loved The VVitch and The Lighthouse","this seems really cool - can somebody point out why its bs to me, Here is my review of the film after having watched in Regal Theaters with a Q&A with the investigative filmmaker.

Trailer: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkFvlF8mhuU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkFvlF8mhuU)

TLDR: UFO Documentary that was the work of 20 years of investigation that presents the best video to the public of a Flying Saucer alongside incredible testimony from civilians, Journalist, military, and doctors who witnessed an Extraterrestrial Creature walking around in a small area in Varginha","She needs an oscar., Saoirse Ronan + dyed hair has been a successful combination in the past lol.

Anyway, I hope she gets her Oscar soon, either for this one or for the Steve McQueen movie shell be starring in. Its crazy that shes not even 30, yet shes already overdue for a win., Gah. What a powerhouse of a performer. Ive been a fan since she was in Atonement I mean NOW I definitely have a crush on her But shes only gotten better and better throughout her career. Shes def got an Oscar or five coming her way., I expect her to rack up like 9 nominations by the time she hits 40.","Globally, then says on Disney+..... Smh, A really really good documentary. I recomment it., Gah. What a powerhouse of a performer. Ive been a fan since she was in Atonement I mean NOW I definitely have a crush on her But shes only gotten better and better throughout her career. Shes def got an Oscar or five coming her way., I expect her to rack up like 9 nominations by the time she hits 40., That's *incredible* proof! 

(As in: not credible. And the *Post??* Really?), I don't understand how this would come out in a documentary before any other source","The new Black Panther ""introduces"" Tenoch Huerta., They can and do, but it boils down to the actors representation negotiating for it in the credits. 

If they dont want it for whatever reason, it just doesnt happen. 

And if they do want it, it still might not happen if the producers make an acceptable counter offer. 

The way films do credits has changed a lot over the years. Opening credits are much more limited (sometimes nonexistent) than in the past","Inception; scene in the safe with the music from Hans Zimmer starting off when the inception happens, 1977 -- suddenly after the intro crawl, there's a desert planet and a ship desperately trying to avoid getting blown out of orbit and it is being pursued by . . . the wedge shape of an imperial star destroyer coming in from behind and directly overhead and getting bigger and bigger until you think the aft end is passing but no, it's just the docking bay and the ship is freaking *immense.*, Independence Day, Alien Attack scene., [""Get away from her, YOU BITCH!"" ](https://youtu.be/j51DfrLHUek)","Inception; scene in the safe with the music from Hans Zimmer starting off when the inception happens, 1977 -- suddenly after the intro crawl, there's a desert planet and a ship desperately trying to avoid getting blown out of orbit and it is being pursued by . . . the wedge shape of an imperial star destroyer coming in from behind and directly overhead and getting bigger and bigger until you think the aft end is passing but no, it's just the docking bay and the ship is freaking *immense.*, Independence Day, Alien Attack scene., [""Get away from her, YOU BITCH!"" ](https://youtu.be/j51DfrLHUek)","Dawn, Day of the Dead. 

Savini's magnum opus., Dawn is my favorite. The Dario Argento cut specificallymade the film darker, and he used much more of the great Goblin music.

I love Romero and am usually not a fan of edits or cuts of the directors original vision, but I really prefer the Argento version., Dawn is my favourite, but all of them are great. Peter is the best character in the franchise","Sandra, 1965, Looks like Vaghe Stelle dell'Orsa -, That's a compilation of clips from 5-6 different movies featuring women wearing headscarves riding in convertibles... The clip that starts around 3:05 is from Sombras Acusadoras., If you ever have another question like this; The TipOfMyTounge subreddit is really good at finding stuff like this. 

Not that you can't or shouldn't post it here, just that they will find damn near anything..., Pornhub is very specific these days., Thank you , Thank u very much , Much appreciated. Thank you ","One missing here is Trick 'r Treat.

Just saw it for the first time yesterday. There's a bastard kid smashing people's jack-o-lanterns and dumping whole bowls of candy in his bag when it says ""just take one."" The dude comes home and catches him stealing all the candy so he gives him a piece that he's poisoned and the kid starts projectile vomiting black sludge. Tries to bury him in the yard but he's still alive so he beheads him, takes the head inside where he and his son (who is also apparently insane) use it as a jack-o-lantern to carve.

Solid kid murder there.","Justwatch shows it is currently streaming
 in Turkey so the movie wasnt canceled.  The Turkish box office details reveal a normal drop off and a fairly long run so it wasnt canceled:

https://www.boxofficemojo.com/release/rl758481665/weekend/, Doctor Sleep...pretty hard to watch scene., Gage from Pet Sematary 1989., The very first death in A Quiet Place is the youngest son., [slowly raises hand]

The opening scene in IT. 

[lowers hand]","Licorice Pizza

Lady Bird 

Moonlight 

Boyhood

The Worst Person In The World

Not all are about people in their 20s but all decent to good coming of age stories IMO, Adventureland, Boyhood

Everybody Wants Some

Dazed and Confused, The Graduate

Y Tu Mama Tambien

St Elmos Fire

Garden State, yeah I loved Cha Cha Real Smooth. I also really loved Mistress America, Scott Pilgrim vs the World, Pride    
Good Will Hunting    
Ghost World   
Little Women  
Clerks  
Quadrophenia, ""Brooklyn"", Dead Poets Society (90's, Robin Williams, dramedy)","I kind of liked it mainly for the fact that it was a bait and switch and did something different in a trilogy that really isn't very good.  It probably is the best of the three.  I was in no hurry for Michael to come back.  However, it doesn't stick the landing with Corey's story; his resolution is weak.  It feels like some competing voices were behind the movie.  I'm tentatively considering going to it again because I want to give it another chance.  I had zero desire to go to the previous two again.  I've been a *Halloween* series fan since 1988.","Zombieland, Not everyone's cup of tea but this is the entire point of About a Boy., It might be cheesy, but maybe when Batman finally teams up with Robin in Batman Forever?, this is easy... The Lego Batman Movie, LA Confidential, True Grit, Batman Forever, City Heat, In the Heat of the Night, lots of crime dramas. Parodied in The Other Guys. Happens in most zombie movies as well. You could even cite Godzilla's relationship with Mothra in Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster., Literally the plot to The Lego Batman Movie.","Zombieland, Not everyone's cup of tea but this is the entire point of About a Boy., It might be cheesy, but maybe when Batman finally teams up with Robin in Batman Forever?, this is easy... The Lego Batman Movie, LA Confidential, True Grit, Batman Forever, City Heat, In the Heat of the Night, lots of crime dramas. Parodied in The Other Guys. Happens in most zombie movies as well. You could even cite Godzilla's relationship with Mothra in Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster., Literally the plot to The Lego Batman Movie.","*Ill Be Taking These Huggies And Whatever Cash You Got.*

Great movie., Dont sleep on the Hudsucker proxy., It's awesome, top 3 level for them I'm not even kidding.

Sugarland Express pairs well with it, I recommend that next., My favorite comedy of all time, I watched Raising Arizona and hated it. Not for me, but I am glad others like it. With that being said, The Big Lebowski is one of my favorite movies., Turn to the RIGHT!, 'her insides were a rocky place where my seed could find no purchase' a line that has stuck in my head for decades","https://archive.org/details/socioculturalproject_gmail_Ten, As people frequently recommended here use justwatch to find where it is streaming.  In the USA it is streaming on two platforms though one requires a library card and the other costs $1.99., It's awesome, top 3 level for them I'm not even kidding.

Sugarland Express pairs well with it, I recommend that next., My favorite comedy of all time, I watched Raising Arizona and hated it. Not for me, but I am glad others like it. With that being said, The Big Lebowski is one of my favorite movies., Turn to the RIGHT!","The Usual Suspects is flashbacks of the story being told in an interrogation room. 

Princess Bride is a grandfather telling his grandson a bedtime story. 

If I remember correctly the Notebook takes place at the retirement home., The Room from 2003 is a great example of this., Casablanca I think this qualifies.
The scene is Rick has just closed his bar and begins to drink heavily and Sam, the entertainer comes over and begin to keep him company. Sam then begins to play As Time Goes by which leads into the flashback with Rick and his love, Ilsa in Paris just before the Germans invade in 1940.","Yeah, still one of my favorites. I love how it begins with amateur jump-scares and plays on your j-horror stereotypical scares, but then transitions to true tension and actually using those tropes to their horrifying peak. The 2 locations also gave great variety in the context so nothing ever felt too samey., Looks good. Slight misspelling: should be Gonjiam, Agree, Sorry about that, The majority of Forrest Gump is this convention, The Usual Suspects comes to mind. A police officer interrogates a suspect, mixed with flashbacks to the crime they are discussing., Frailty 

Identity","Two separate movies: Flags of our Fathers and Letters from Iwojima. They tell the same story from different sides., Enemy at the Gate, Gettysburg shows both sides of the conflict pretty well. So much so, in fact, that it gets a fair amount of criticism for being overly sympathetic to the Confederacy. I don't agree with that assertion, I thought it dud an admirable job depicting both armies. It's not as if the rebels thought they were evil. 

It's worth checking out for the authenticity alone, and I think Jeff Daniels in particular gave a great performance.","It is, in fact, the only film that is a Halloween, Thanksgiving, and Christmas film., Sadly I have a very hard time enjoying it. It reminds me of someone that I really shouldn't think about, and I can't separate those memories from the film no matter how hard I try., Gettysburg shows both sides of the conflict pretty well. So much so, in fact, that it gets a fair amount of criticism for being overly sympathetic to the Confederacy. I don't agree with that assertion","The conversation in the opening scene of Inglorious Basterds.. Until all the shooting anyway lol, Christopher walken talkin to Danny de Vito in batman returns, the part when he unwraps a fish in paper, I love soft spoken voices so the voice of Alice from the movie I Love You, Alice B. Toklas (1968) relaxed me the whole time. The movie was very mellow/laid-back itself., The scene in Toy Story 2 when the old guy fixes up woody. Excellent sound design on that scene!, Any scene with a woman loudly smoking a cigarette. The sound of inhaling and exhaling","The true pleasure of True Lies is the JLC dance scene. I was 14 when the film came out, and watched it on VHS with my parents. It was both one of the greatest, and most uncomfortable few minutes of my young life., Can i take pleasure in a blu-ray copy of it yet?, Bitch even took the ice cube trays, Hot take: True Lies was the last good movie Cameron made. Since then he has made garbage designed to either A) pay for him to dive to the Titanic or B) mess with technology regardless of the script quality","Not sure there's a good answer to that, but I enjoy the [History Buffs](https://www.youtube.com/c/HistoryBuffsLondon/videos) channel on YouTube.  Pretty entertaining breakdowns of what's accurate and what isn't.  Surprisingly, the CGI-fest *Midway* was relatively accurate in the events portrayed... at least more accurate than *Pearl Harbor*., David Fincher was almost fanatically devoted to historical accuracy while filming Zodiac. 

For example, many of the film's sequences were shot where they actually took place. But it goes deeper than that. For the infamous Lake Berryessa murder scene","It's available at Cmore.se, although it doesn't seem like you can pay for just the movie. The subscription fee is like $15, though, so if you're interested you could just sub for a month I guess.

https://www.cmore.se/movie/m-e9f383e4a498ab343040

(Swedish language site btw), Also, if you're interested in another well-received Swedish supernatural drama, *Lt Den Rtte Komma In* is also available at the same site., Apollo 13 was pretty accurate, For me, Waterloo (1970) comes to mind (assuming we are excluding straight-up documentaries.) Its not perfect","Suspiria., I feel like Training Day with Denzel Washington and Ethan Hawks is a fairly terrible vehicle for this concept., Not exactly spot on but Tar might sincerely scratch some of that itch for you., The Piano Teacher, Unfortunately that theme is almost only limited to abusive relationships between men and women.

A few movies that might satisfy that itch are more thrillers or actual horror movies like Stephen King's Dolores Claiborne.

In terms of bad mentors maybe the following will do the trick for you.

I","Night of the Demons (1988), Fright Night..    1985

Lost Boys.., Trick 'r Treat. It looks really old, but in fact it was shot only 5 years ago., Thanks, I am going to watch it right now., That was a 2007 movie., OP still living in 2012., TAR, The Phenom, Gone Girl touches on some of these and is a great film. I'm not sure if it's quite what you're looking for but I think it's worth mentioning because it's a good exploration of abuse (in a marriage) with complex characters and it left me feeling more horrified than actual horror films","Some people are just assholes, She wants her sister to be like her. That's why she embarrasses her at the morgue. She was angry that her sister didn't want to participate in killing and eating people with her., Trick 'r Treat. It looks really old, but in fact it was shot only 5 years ago., Thanks, I am going to watch it right now., That was a 2007 movie., OP still living in 2012., TAR, The Phenom","The wizard of Oz given a dystopian horror treatment., Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, The Ten Commandments., Scream in the style of Se7en.  You don't see ghostface, his movie taunts or his slashing method of killing.  Instead he stage his kills in the style of niche, old school horror movies., Halloween III

It was a great concept that's very prescient today; invasive technology, multimedia campaigns, cult agendas, AI, so much going for it. But the original had a weak leading man, a creepy May/December ""romance"" and some off-kilter FX work (some was excellent, some was super-bad)","The Last Starfighter's cgi is extremely dated and even TV-caliber cgi now would make the otherwise entertaining film hold up a lot better., None. CGI tinkering with older movies has literally never made the movie better, Give me that CGI Carl Dreyer Passion of Joan of Arc though!, Sure, the original STAR WARS. Let's go back and give those old movies a nice little fresh rework. Or maybe just remake them?, I must have seen Conan a hundred times and I'm struggling to think of any scene that wouldn't benefited from an abundance of extras, CGI or otherwise.","Some people just do it for the job I guess., Money for some, name recognition can still net you a hefty paycheck. Some guys know there wont be the press tour that comes with big releases and are tired of travel. Some are notoriously difficult to work with and their reputation has soured among major studios. Marvel has ruined mid level releases at theaters and they know they will make marginal profit on VOD., Steve Zahn. I think he's absolutely hilarious, but he just never gets big roles.","Some people just do it for the job I guess., Money for some, name recognition can still net you a hefty paycheck. Some guys know there wont be the press tour that comes with big releases and are tired of travel. Some are notoriously difficult to work with and their reputation has soured among major studios. Marvel has ruined mid level releases at theaters and they know they will make marginal profit on VOD., Steve Zahn. I think he's absolutely hilarious, but he just never gets big roles.","The original movie adaptation of the story starred Jimmy Stewart (if anyone else knows about the classics), and its first remake had Judy Garland. The original story had both protagonists working in the same store, writing letters to each other without knowing the other's identity. If they took it back to that in the modern day, that might be interesting., Youve Got Mail 2:  Spam, Scams, and Dick Pics., The whole movie would be DMs on screen and snapchats, Do not cast Jennifer Lawrence or saoirse Ronan or timothee chalamet or zendaya or florence Pugh, Time to go to the mattresses.",N/A,"American Psycho on our first date.

Together 20 years, married 16., Lethal Weapon 4. Together for 24 years, married for almost 18., Braveheart, Bruno.... still married somehow, Ma. Married one year last month, The story of O, together almost 7 years married for 4, Men in Black, She made us watch Nerve. I made her watch Across the Universe. We both hated each other's picks. Just celebrated 2 years of marriage last week., Incredibles 2, Casino Royale. Married 6 years., Avatar, Wreck-It Ralph.","Almost Famous made me say fuck it and finally quit my job and move to the US, was always at the back of my mind i wanted to leave England and try something new and this film made me say why not i have nothing to lose. Been here 21 years and still love the film and play the soundtrack constantly, I saw Seven Years in Tibet when it came out in theaters.  I was 14 and it was my first exposure to Buddhism.  It became an important part of my development into an adult., Escape from new york changed the way i played. Before i was just doing normal play with toys. I saw efny when i was 7","As someone who was the exact same age as those characters back then, nothing in that movie struck me as being particularly out of place.

I wouldve included more day-glo jamz and kids reading Nintendo Power, but thats about it., [This pic](https://www.reddit.com/r/80s/comments/y15it8/80s_life/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) pretty much sums it up for me., The 80s being hyper neon didnt happen everywhere., All I can say is that the shower curtain in Bev's bathroom back in the 80s is the exact same one I currently have. I ordered it off Amazon.","Family for Christmas (2015) - [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4766018/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_0) link

[Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQTo_LoDxh0), Try r/tipofmytongue, THANK YOU SO MUCH, thank youu, No probs! Glad i could help, Yup. They did it possibly better that S1 of Stranger Things. Felt just like 89., Your idea of the 80s is a caricature of that time period. 

Oh, and those glacier sunglasses were definitely a fad back then for a while., Hollywood favors the new, shiny","i loved phil tippets mad god, Ooo yes that was definitely a good one!!, THANK YOU SO MUCH, thank youu, No probs! Glad i could help, Yup. They did it possibly better that S1 of Stranger Things. Felt just like 89., Your idea of the 80s is a caricature of that time period. 

Oh, and those glacier sunglasses were definitely a fad back then for a while., Hollywood favors the new, shiny, urban experience.  Small town and rural America doesn't change very fast.  In the time that large scale trends come and go in the cities, they look about the same.","i loved phil tippets mad god, Ooo yes that was definitely a good one!!, THANK YOU SO MUCH, thank youu, No probs! Glad i could help, Yup. They did it possibly better that S1 of Stranger Things. Felt just like 89., Your idea of the 80s is a caricature of that time period. 

Oh, and those glacier sunglasses were definitely a fad back then for a while., Hollywood favors the new, shiny, urban experience.  Small town and rural America doesn't change very fast.  In the time that large scale trends come and go in the cities, they look about the same.","Oliver Sacks outlived Robin Williams who portrayed him in Awakenings. Technically it wasn't the same but it was based on Oliver Sack's non fiction book and the character was basically based on Sacks.  
  
Not the same, but I always find it interesting 1960's Gomez Addams, John Astin, is still alive, while 1990s Gomez Addams, Raul Julia, died 28 years ago., 
Lords of Dogtown (2005): 
Skip Engblom is still alive, and was portrayed by Heath Ledger.

Bully (2001): 
Marty Puccio outlives actor Brad Renfro

Haven (2001): 
Ruth Gruber died in 2016, while Natasha Richardson died in 2009","Martyrs 2008. Horrific., The Babadook, It Follows., I am scared of everything but, the strangers. i still think about that movie to this day., Repulsion, Sinister, Jaws., For jump scares it was 'Paranormal Activity 1'., The exorcist. Scarred me for life, Japanese horror movie ""Ring"", watched it in childhood and was very scared., Threads.

It's old but it's still relevant., Insidious, Try The Empty Man.  It doesn't have remotely the same plot, but it has some similar elements and atmosphere to Sinister., Jeepers Creepers has always creeped me out the most., If you want something scary","Fun fact: my gf worked on the movie set. Said Gosling is super humble and friendly., If they are following the novels loosely, the next movie could be in Africa., www.google.com, See him do what?, Good to know!, If the sequel is anything like the first movie, we'll see Ryan Gosling fade into the background exactly like you'd expect from a Gray Man, while ironically his character does the exact opposite of that. On the flip side, the sequel will probably replace Chris Evans in the role of Sam Rockwell, with actual Sam Rockwell., Mind blown., The exorcist. Scarred me for life","Rise of the foot soldier, Rise of the Footsoldier (2007) ? [IMDb link](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0901507/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_0), Yes! Thanks been looking for years . This is the scene https://youtu.be/WvuNwTvNUug?t=1m43s, See him do what?, Good to know!, If the sequel is anything like the first movie, we'll see Ryan Gosling fade into the background exactly like you'd expect from a Gray Man, while ironically his character does the exact opposite of that. On the flip side, the sequel will probably replace Chris Evans in the role of Sam Rockwell, with actual Sam Rockwell., Mind blown.","I hope she brings Amazon movies to the big screen everywhere BEFORE theyre in streaming. films are way better in cinema., Rise of the Footsoldier (2007) ? [IMDb link](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0901507/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_0), Yes! Thanks been looking for years . This is the scene https://youtu.be/WvuNwTvNUug?t=1m43s, See him do what?, Good to know!, If the sequel is anything like the first movie, we'll see Ryan Gosling fade into the background exactly like you'd expect from a Gray Man, while ironically his character does the exact opposite of that. On the flip side","I grew up in the south and a lot of our history curriculum included graphic depictions of lynchings, Emmett Till's open casket funeral, etc, and I think it was probably an effective teaching tool. Saving Private Ryan is a good choice if you go this route, since it was made specifically to accentuate the chaotic and indiscriminate brutality of warfare. I might steer away from Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket, since the broader psychological themes might overshadow your point. Paths of Glory would be an appropriate Kubrick alternative though.","127 Hours, Inception, Interstellar, Mad Max: Fury Road, Dunkirk, Blade Runner 2049, The Martian, The Revenant, Edge Of Tomorrow, and The Dark Knight Rises., Most movies use a large mix of both, you just dont notice unless its really bad., Literally any live action movie, Just from this year - Prey, Nope, Hatching, Hellraiser, Crimes of The Future, Top Gun Maverick, The Northman, Ambulance,  Everything Everywhere All at Once, even the godawful latest Jurassic World","What you're describing reminds me a lot of *The Skeleton Key*, but there's enough differences that makes me think that's not it., this sounds very familiar to me but I can't remember jeez. try to post on r/tipofmytongue. they can help you easily for sure!, Lots of similarities in [Get Out](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5052448/), With Kate Hudson?, Yeah., 1917

A perfect example, I will say the new Disney Star Wars movies","It's potentially my favorite film of all time, definitely firmly in the top 10. It has a magic about it that sets it apart from any other movie I've ever seen. And the ending isn't scary per se but it is horrific., I personally rank it top ten for sure. 
I think the film hits different if you are European. Some of the lore is more ingrained. Pretty sure a number of my fellow Americans are with you on it., You want an unpopular opinion? The remake gets all the shit, but this one?

Not exactly *not ridiculous*., I saw it when i was 11 and loved it.","Father Karras says it's the devil because that's what Regan / Pazuzu tells him., Do you think Ragean says this because she thinks it's Satan (like if that was the only demon\devil name she knew?) Or was Pazuzu just saying that to make the possession seem less likely?, Pretty sure it was just the demon trying to throw Karras off the scent., I saw it when i was 11 and loved it., This is the Nicholas Cage Not the bees! movie? I always thought it was just a meme from a terrible movie. People genuinely liked this one? Europeans? Well","The Boondock Saints (1999), Thats pretty hard to read but I dont see the evil dead trilogy there, [deleted], Definitely. But skip the sequels, K, Sorry copy paste on mobile also thought i had it on their but if not yeah adding it, Copypaste, Skip all of them., No, this is the movie from 1973 that the Nicolas Cage remake was based on., Think what you will., Unfortunately, i do believe it took itself seriously., I stand corrected., Great list. Add Maverick & the last 2 Mission Impossible movies. Whatever you think of Cruise","> Notice something? 

A lot of those movies made big money at the box office, nice, Is 'Kingdom' the new rise? 

Kingdom of the planet of the apes 
Tears of the Kingdom
The last kingdom
Animal kingdom
Aquaman and the lost kingdom, They all should have Paul Reiser, About half of them, I think.

But there are some real gems here!, How come Moonrise Kingdom did not make either list?, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom

Well spotted :-), We need a Rise of the Kingdom., No, this is the movie from 1973 that the Nicolas Cage remake was based on., Think what you will., Unfortunately","""Favorite"" is such a weird word without qualifiers. I can't answer when asked ""What's your favorite <thing>?"" without context.

Fighters fight in weight classes. Chess players play in ranked divisions. Musicians compete for awards within different genres, and so do authors.

The ""best movies"" can both be #1 and completely different because they are different types of cinema.

I think if you want to compare movies in absolute terms of film, i.e., things that all movies share that some do better than others, you'll find your list watered down. Instead","I think you talk about potential talent in one specific area (baseball, politics...) whereas Lorenzo means talent as being a good person in life, and his potential talent will come later in life.

If C stays with Sonny, Lorenzo fears he will end up as Sonny or his friends, mobsters whose only talents are bullying or killing., I always interpreted it meaning C (or anyone else) has the potential to do something, anything and excel at it., I thought the point was made so that the viewer would then look for C's talent. He didn't really have to exhibit any particular talent for the viewer to find","3. Kubrick's personal assistant. It took her months., 2. The tonight show used to be hosted by Johny Carson. Most people were familiar with it at the time.  When he would come on stage they would say here's Johny., 3. interns probably, 1. Yes, and the hotel knew that.    

2. In the book, his name is John Torrance. Jack is nickname for John., Absurd movie? Absurd questions., this explains his mysterious demise, Wasn't it Ed McMahon who would say 'Here's Johnny' to introduce him each night?, Yeah","So is Teddy a cop doesnt actually matter.  Leonard thinks he is and that's enough for all of us.

So.

It's a nice suit.

Don't trust Teddy.  Is he a cop?  Is he not a cop?  Is he using Leonard to kill people?  Is he using Leonard for money?  Is he using Leonard to be nice and chase that high of watching Leonard kill John G?  Who knows.  Who cares.  Don't trust Teddy.

Natalie is absurdly suspicious.  The way she says ""*your* car?""  Also","Less is more., David Robert Mitchell deserves more projects, I dont remember where I read this but I remember someone associated w the film saying they had an idea for a sequel. It was called We Follow and it was about them backtracking to find the original person who was followed., I like the extremely creepy concept of a slow unknown person following you wherever you go, this I would like to se more of!, A social media horror drama **It Unfollows**., Just out of curiosity, have you seen ""Under the Silver Lake"" by the same director?  I have only seen these two movies directed by him","Less is more., David Robert Mitchell deserves more projects, I dont remember where I read this but I remember someone associated w the film saying they had an idea for a sequel. It was called We Follow and it was about them backtracking to find the original person who was followed., I like the extremely creepy concept of a slow unknown person following you wherever you go, this I would like to se more of!, A social media horror drama **It Unfollows**., Just out of curiosity, have you seen ""Under the Silver Lake"" by the same director?  I have only seen these two movies directed by him","Hudson Hawk!  Massive budget, committed completely to what it wanted to be , massive flop.  I loved it then and still do., Tucker and Dale vs. Evil is a fun movie. Im looking forward to seeing some other stuff people post because I love these kind of chill out movies that you can throw on and not necessarily think really hard about., RRR might be what your looking for. Its certainly not my usual style so I hated it for the first 40 minutes but then gave up critiquing how over the top it was. Thoroughly enjoyed the rest of the movie. A few days later the person who recommended it said, Oh","Hot rod?, This sounds like The Greasy Strangler but some of your other points don't align with it.

[This has to be the scene you mention in your first point.](https://youtu.be/JfsVTGmBpoY), Try r/tipofmytongue, the 2007 film? no, It didn't have a particularly high budget, but for stupid action fun nothing beats *Hardcore Henry* in my opinion., League of extraordinary gentlemen (2003)
Van Helsing (2004)
Hellboy (2004)
Sherlock Holmes (2009)
GI Joe (2009)
Resident Evil (all)
John Carter (2012)
George of the Jungle (1997)
Gods of Egypt (2016)
Seventh Son (2015)
...

And my favorite:
Stardust","There's a movie for every mood. Like with music. Give us an idea of what kind of thing you're in the mood for and we can all help you out better., I find that question very hard since there are SO many moviessince you mentioned Wall-E: I think youd like Soul (2020, Pete Docter). As for your question for where to start: personally I find Letterboxd a great source for stuff like that. There are even a bunch of lists like movies you must see before you die"", ""top 250 horror movies"", ""top 100 animation"" etc. Maybe that helps you at least a little bit?,   
Hot Fuzz, Wolf Children","That just sounds like the characters of a Chuck Palahniuk book, I find that question very hard since there are SO many moviessince you mentioned Wall-E: I think youd like Soul (2020, Pete Docter). As for your question for where to start: personally I find Letterboxd a great source for stuff like that. There are even a bunch of lists like movies you must see before you die"", ""top 250 horror movies"", ""top 100 animation"" etc. Maybe that helps you at least a little bit?,   
Hot Fuzz, Wolf Children, 12 Angry Men (1957), Late Spring, Eastern Promises.  
 
Those are 5 movies I love","That just sounds like the characters of a Chuck Palahniuk book, I find that question very hard since there are SO many moviessince you mentioned Wall-E: I think youd like Soul (2020, Pete Docter). As for your question for where to start: personally I find Letterboxd a great source for stuff like that. There are even a bunch of lists like movies you must see before you die"", ""top 250 horror movies"", ""top 100 animation"" etc. Maybe that helps you at least a little bit?,   
Hot Fuzz, Wolf Children, 12 Angry Men (1957), Late Spring, Eastern Promises.  
 
Those are 5 movies I love","My examples are of excellent horror films, if youll find them scary is not something I can guess: 


The Exorcist 

The Shining

Hereditary 

Get Out


Now these last two are less conventional horror, but 

The Silence of the Lambs is a very well made psychological thriller you might enjoy, 

But the scariest movie I have ever seen isnt a horror film, its called 

Requiem for a Dream, Army of Darkness., If it's that, you're better off googling it, rolling stone magazine just came out with a top horror movie list, with the exorcist at #1, which is also my top one by far","I suggest maybe carrying on with the trilogy to find out. I wouldn't want to talk about things after the first movie if you plan on watching part 2 and part 3., He only kills 2 of the five heads not all because he would have to commit suicide( he is one of the five), Well Ive only seen the first and second but I dont mind spoilers, He only kills 2 in the book, they changed it to 4 in the novel to drive home ""consolidation"" theme I think. 

And yes Corleone family goes into drug business., So it's 2 in the BOOK and 4 in the NOVEL got it., Toy story, Repulsion (1965), The Haunting (1963)","I think that a lot of the Japanese horror ascetic comes from Noh theatre, stilted movement, limited facial expressions, and suppressed body language. 

This means that as a western audience we find it quite disturbing because the visual language is foreign to us., not just Japanese but I think all asian horror movies are very effective. I've seen a lot of them and it really creeps me out!, For the most part, a lack of gore. You'll probably see more gore in a Japanese samurai movie or a Japanese mafia movie than you would in a Japanese horror movie.","the opening scene of 28 weeks later is terrifying, It may not be scary by today's standards, but the original Poltergeist was full of scary as hell scenes. That clown toy getting the brother freaked me out and stuck with me for years. My parents let us watch scary movies as kids in the 80s, I was probably 8 when I saw that movie. I still love it and it still gives me the creeps in my 40s., Exorcist 3.   That whole long hallway shot, the setup, and then the shocking scene.  Did so much to make you expect something, but did other small things to make you thinknah, wont happen yetthen BOOM","If you watched it on YouTube, you could probably find it by looking back through your YouTube History page, No way, I watched it from an old account which I have already deleted :(, Exorcist 3.   That whole long hallway shot, the setup, and then the shocking scene.  Did so much to make you expect something, but did other small things to make you thinknah, wont happen yetthen BOOM, jump scare., The lighthouse scene in Annihilation. Seriously perfect combination of acting, effects, and an unnerving score. The rest of the movie had spent a while just making you feel off balance","How can Jurassic Park and Godzilla be a part of this list??!!!  I mean , I love them but I wouldnt have to sacrifice other horror titles during October., [deleted], saving this post/list for later! thanks for sharing, If you read it, it would have been explained better. They are secondarily horror movies, in the sense that whils Jurassic Park is adventure and Godzilla is kaiju, they are both (kinda) horror, even if they're not as much horror as a movie like The Exorcist., What?, Riiiight","Yes, and thats kind of the point. 

Men who are skeptical of woman who cry rape because they were relentlessly pressured into it rather than beaten or threatened

Its a remake of a very feminist film from the 70s, and it has a lot to say about the inherent power dynamics between the genders. 

But to the point, yes, Its still rape. 

Gender doesnt matter. That behavior is wrong and no one should do it.,  The first, ""free pizza"" one I would say no, but the second recorded one is a bit more iffy., It looked like he hated every moment of the shower encounter","The Descendants, Sounds like The Descendants? Written by Community 's own Jim Rash, [The Descendants](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1033575/?ref_=nm_flmg_t_11_act) is about a wife getting injured in a boating accident and it stars George Clooney., Oh my God this subreddit is so awesome, and U'R SO FAST, The Deanscendants, I liked the first one a good bit more.  I loved the two female actors in the first one.  Apparently all the actors thought the movie would suck or did suck","We just saw Weird Al on tour, and he said he wrote a special song for the movie and would ""NOT"" be playing it because he got paid a bunch of money and did not want to give it back. The show was fantastic! Weird Al always puts on an outstanding performance., Still not entirely sure how I can even watch Roku Channel. But I really want to watch this., Love that it appears illustrated/painted. Has a Drew Struzan feel to it., Explosions? Machine guns? Karate kicks? Essential elements to tell any tale of Weird Al. Love it!, [deleted]","Henry Selick:
>That was a little unfair because it wasnt called Tim Burtons Nightmare until three weeks before the film came out, Selick revealed. And I would have been fine with that, if thats what I signed up for. But Tim was in L.A. making two features while I directed that film, and I mean, Tim is a geniusor he certainly was in his most creative years. I always thought his story was perfect, and he designed the main characters. But it was really me and my team of people who brought that to life.

>Selick is not the only creator hungry to claim credit for the film, it seems. Now, of course","The movie is in theaters December 23 and January 6 on Netflix

>In 1830, veteran detective Augustus Landor investigates a series of murders at the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York. He is aided by Edgar Allan Poe, a young cadet at the academy

Main Cast:

* Christian Bale as Augustus Landor
* Harry Melling as Edgar Allan Poe
* Gillian Anderson
* Lucy Boynton
* Charlotte Gainsbourg
* Toby Jones, The setup is pretty interesting and billed as a horror/mystery.

*The Pale Blue Eye follows the same plot of the novel. At West Point Academy in 1830","Still cant believe they stopped Ash Vs Evil Dead., In theaters April 21, 2023

>In the fifth Evil Dead film, a road-weary Beth pays an overdue visit to her older sister Ellie, who is raising three kids on her own in a cramped L.A apartment. The sisters reunion is cut short by the discovery of a mysterious book deep in the bowels of Ellies building, giving rise to flesh-possessing demons, and thrusting Beth into a primal battle for survival as she is faced with the most nightmarish version of motherhood imaginable.

[Source](https://twitter.com/wbpictures/status/1587112158155841536)","He looks like the bad guy in a Pirates of the Caribbean movie, Looks like Elon Musk on his day off, He looks like this is going to be a French period piece take on Weekend at Bernies, Just looks like Depp in a Halloween costume, From the Wikipedia for the movie, quoting a translation of French journalist Bernard Montiels acedotes: Depp was ""frequently late or just wouldn't show up to the set at all"", while Mawenn was quoted saying the film's production was going ""very, very badly"", due to ""not getting along"" with Depp., He looks like Elon Musk","I don't think anyone's posted it yet, so Grease. Written to parody all of the '50's ""good girl changes bad boy"" teen heartthrob pictures. The original musical is much more explicit about it, but the movie, while toned down, is still clearly parody., Not the same as your question, but the guy who wrote and recorded the theme song of Blazing Saddles didnt know it was a satire. I seem to remember reading that he was a bit upset when he learned the movie would be making fun of westerns.","From my dodgy memory, I think Ripley is also the last character the viewer even sees clearly too, in the movie's opening scenes., Sigourney Weaver has admitted to turning down Alien 5 scripts for over 20 years, because they've mostly taken place on Earth and they've wanted her to be a gun-toting action hero like she was in Aliens.

She's openly longed for a return to the vibe for the original","> Marcel is best known for helping launch the Fifty Shades of Grey franchise by writing the first film in the series.

They are going to fuck aren't they, Interesting part from the article:

>...the two were in step with what direction they wanted this **final chapter** to head.

I'm honestly surprised that they're stopping so soon. I would think that Sony would keep pumping these out (they made $1.3 billion), but maybe Hardy lost interest., Honestly, both Venom movies have this aesthetic that makes them look and feel like they were released in 2002. It's truly bizarre.","$1000?  Wow, that's some Pawn Stars level shit there., wonder if they ever found Homers grammy, ok since no one read the article...

* this is not a real oscar from the academy  
* The studio ""swept"" for the first time w/ 5 wins for 1 movie, so the studio made a bunch of mini ones to hand out to staff  
* this is a mini one, not engraved, don't know whos  
* Just sold for $1k to an academy museum  
* Oscars won before 1951, you could sell anyway


>it Happened One Night starring Clark Gable swept the Academy Awards  in its top five categories: Best Picture, Actor, Actress","Edward Furlong too?  Wild., If she's in a good enough place to do this movie then this is incredible news. I've always loved her and it would be great to see her back on her own terms

I wouldn't put it past some shitty indie horror movie to exploit an unwell woman for the sake of stunt casting, though. I pray that's not what's going on., My father lives in the same town as her, I've met her when visiting. She's very kind and I hope this goes well for her., As tacky as it is looking back","I had no idea his father had Alzheimers. That's incredibly hard., Just saw Hugh in The Music Man last night. He was electric and the show was fantastic!, Tried to read the article and got ad spammed to the point of making it unreadable. Why do companies think I will click on or spend money on anything I was forced to see. How is creating a bad experience a business model?, I hope they told Hugh that he can keep playing Wolverine without the need to workout to death.  He can play Old Man Logan moving forward and just wear a jacket.

I hope that's the direction they're going","Let the right one in. 
The swedish version is great and the book is amazing as well., Matilda, Misery, No Country For Old Men - A near literal translation from page to screen.

LA Confidential - A remarkably lean adaptation of a hefty novel, the film makes sweeping changes to the plot while maintaining the themes and the spirit of the novel., Holes. 

Its pretty much a perfect adaptation, with a lot of the lines taken word-for-word right out of the book. The only difference is Stanleys weight","Phil Lamarr getting shot in the head in Pulp Fiction, Joe Pesci saying ""oh n"" in Goodfellas., Brad Pitt getting shot in Burn After Reading, When Howard kills Emmett in 10 Cloverfield Lane. A total gut punch the first time you see it. 

In the trivia section on imdb it says ""they shot tonally different versions of most scenes from light and humorous to angry and mad so they could find the right mix as a whole."" The final choice to have the 3 main characters go from being suspicious of each other, to a big happy family sets up the killing of Emmett to be especially shocking.",This is the most nonsensical ranking I think Ive ever seen,"*Conspiracy* shouldn't be overlooked., [removed], One of my favorite teachers in jr high told our class that she strongly recommends we watch this movie with our parents. She couldnt show it in class but she was adamant about us going home and telling our parents we need to rent and watch this movie., I watched it once, and can never again. It is seared into my memory. And all should watch it at least once.

It has the most haunted and beautiful original score which I still listen to., I watched it in the theatre when it first came out. Could barely contain my tears. I made it through","So Kang is gonna die by getting hit by a trolley., I hate your boots. I told you that I loved them three years ago, and I was lying, and that lie haunted me ever since., Given this is in the Quantum Realm, Im hoping for a cameo from the TIME KNIFE?!, ""Chidi Ant-a-mani?""

""It's *Anagonye*. I literally just said it not 5 seconds ago..."", That Trolley problem gets me every time. 

Its your friend Henry over there. 

Chidi! How are you mate?

HENRY, MOVE!

I cant. My boots are stuck.","Roger Ebert once said ""no good movie could be too long and no bad movie could be too short""

Hopefully it's good, Fingers crossed this movie ends with two people staring at each other like his other movies, Babylong, I regularly get this movie confused with Amsterdam. Hopefully this is better., I haven't taken my old pee bottle to the cinema since  Wolf of Wall Street.....now, did I empty it? , Longest film to be widely released in quite some time in cinemas. When was the last time a film over 188 minutes was released cinemas?, David Grays BABYLON is 3 minutes and 33 seconds long.","Has Edward Norton's head always been that big?, Why do movie posters utilize these semi-realistic art styles with weird proportions? They're like quasi- caricature drawings., Ed Norton did it. I have a primal fear about him., Batista bout to shoot his dick off, Isnt handsome hawke in this film?, Saw it at TIFF. Loved it. Maybe better than the first one, just a ton of fun and worth seeing with an audience!, In Daniel Craigs southern accent this case is like a glass onion. It seems clear at first, but as you peel back the layers, it stinks more and more.""","Guy Ritchies last two movies Operation Fortune and The Interpreter still havent been released btw, So is this a biopic about Sir Christopher Lee?, I like all these words. I'm in, Ritchie/Cavill were great in The man from U.N.C.L.E., So is Cavill gonna star in as many Bond-lite movies without ever actually playing Bond?, The most Guy Ritchie title of all time, Probably on track for a 2024 release, which is to say it will be out before Operation Fortune., Just do a Man From Uncle sequel already, you cowards!","Fun Fact this is the fourth direct sequel to the original. 

PBS produced two stage adaptations following Ralphie called""The Star-Crossed Romance of Josephine Cosnowski"" and ""Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss."" Both narrated by Jean Shepherd and based off his works.

Then There's ""My Summer Story"" aka ""It Runs In The Family"" also directed by Bob Clark and narrated by Jean Shepherd based on the same collection of short stories A Christmas Story was based on but with a whole new cast.

Then there's a direct to video Christmas Story 2 with nobody involved in the original returning","The scene in Mary Poppins when Julie Andrews sings Feed The Birds. For some reason it always made me emotional when I was a kid, and as an adult I always cry when I hear it., Phillip explaining why he was so hard on Shaun right before turning. Shaun of the dead, ""Sling Blade"", when Carl says goodbye to the young boy. Slaughters me every damn time. ""Ah love yew, boy""., I always felt the scene in Big Daddy when they take the kid away from him was so sad., Last 15 minutes of planes , trains and automobiles, Tommy Boy, Chris Farley walking down the road, mourning his dads unexpected death","By being enjoyable, and building word of mouth., Pearl is even better than X (imo) and both had super low budgets with good practical effects and acting (same with Barbarian) this is how you succeed in a genre that desperately needs new original films, Barbarian is bonkers and X is great. Solid slasher and I can't wait to see Pearl., I wasn't a fan of X but loved Barbarian. Fantastic film and, for any fans of the WKUK, directed/written by Zach Cregger. The weakest part of Barbarian imo was the final arch, but it has an amazing setup. Starting to love seeing comedians take on horror!","There is also Shadow of the Vampire (2000), a fictional retelling of the production of the film, with Willem Defoe and John Malkovich., Just saw this for the first time the other day. Some parts are a bit cheesy by nowadays standards, but the actor playing Nosferatu does a great job at being effortlessly creepy., He's still picking up work in the evenings at The Krusty Krab, Wernor Herzog's remake (early 70's) is amazing., I also plan to continue to chill","Dog Soldiers, American Werewolf In London, Late Phases and Bad Moon are the best Werewolf movies, Werewolf movies are my favorite, and Dog Soldiers is my absolute favorite one., Great movie.  It has one of my favourite film lines in it 'I hope I give you the shits', Liam Cumningham and Sean Pertwee playing off each other as opposing veteran squad leaders is great. Cunningham's ""Cpt. Ryan"" is cold and malicious, ""The reality is your expendable","It wont get close to the Oscars even though Mia Goth was amazing. Ignoring the anti-horror bias that the Academy has, *Pearl* is an A24 film and A24 is going to be focusing all of their awards campaigning on EEAAO and The Whale., You know, for those people that don't ""give a shit about the Academy Awards,"" they really seem to give a shit about The Academy Awards., As others have mentioned Toni Collette didnt get one for Hereditary and Willem Dafoe didnt get one for the Lighthouse, two a24 horror movies with arguably much better performances.","""Oh hidy-ho officer! We've had a doozy of a day. There we were minding our own business, just doing chores around the house when kids started killing themselves all over my property."", Don't tease me with a Tucker and Dale reference without them being in the movie. I need another Tucker and Dale movie!, I cant wait. Tucker and Dale was great. The kid jumping into the wood chipper is soo fucking funny., I want a Tucker and Dale meets Smile hybrid., ""There ain't nuthin' up there but pain and suffering on a scale you can't even imagine.""","You really shouldnt watch Heat, then. All the phone conversations would drive you crazy., Not as much as when people are *driving* in a film and take their eyes off the road for extended periods of time.

I appreciate that you were just told your father is still alive and has been living in Apopka under an assumed name, but now is not the time for meaningful eye contact., Movie phone conversation: ""Meet me at 1524 Ridgeway Drive at 4:30"" (hangs up)

Real phone conversation: ""Hey, it's me.  Peter.  Yeah.  Can you meet  me at 1524 Ridgeway Drive at 4:30?  No",">Its a tough needle to thread because I do feel like there is a benefit to people being able to walk into a film knowing nothing if you like that sort of thing, Peele said. But I happen to know that a lot of people do kind of like to know what theyre going to see at the same time. Thats part of the contract that gets you to go to a theater  you know what youre watching.

I totally agree with Peels here. It costs money and takes time to go see a movie. I need to have some idea what I'm investing that time and money in before I commit. 

If the cinematography is good, editing is good","Might I throw the name Taylor Lautner into the running?, What the fuck ever happened to Liam Hemsworth? It seemed like he was on a roll early on with the Hunger Games., Alex Pettyfer, Elisha Cuthbert, Skeet Ulrich, Lee Lee Sobieski.  late 90s/early 00s was cast in a bunch of roles.  people said she reminded them of a young Meryl Streep.  then just went away, Will Smith basically tried to buy his son Jaden into fame. Fortunately after like the third high profile role that nobody bothered to see, I think they got the message.","We just kept watching for some reason. We knew the movie was over. We knew nothing else was gonna happen. But we couldnt look away. It was terrifying and funny at the same time. Well done on her., It still haunts me. She was pretty good in X, she was amazing in Pearl., It felt like she was smiling directly at me in that scene!, I can't believe she was so good in that movie. Like Oscar nomination good, So, her dude was just like ""fuckit, I'm here now and she's super happy to see me""? Most go with the flow dude ever","I like that John Goodmans character had his own theme music., After watching, I can't even take a shit on the toilet without feeling anxious., The tonal shifts in this movie are incredibly done. It can go from genuine creepy suspense to outright comedy with Goodmans character, yet it all works


Also love the strong production values. The opening shots in Venezuela and almost epic sounding score stand out 


Like also how Daniels doesnt just become a spider killing Rambo. He looks scared as hell in the final scene, John Goodman's exterminator in this is legendary.","This remake makes no sense given how specifically Japanese Your Name is. I think I read they were trying to add indigenous elements to make it work but likeif you have to work that hard then maybe its not worth it lol, The fact that the title isn't listed as ""Blindspotting director"" hurts me , Not only is making it live action a mistake, taking it out of Japan removes all of the symbolism and thematic elements tied to the 2011 Japanese earthquakes, which made the mid-movie twist hit extra hard when it was released in Japan.","I think its cute shes engaged to a former cast member, I unashamedly love those movies. I introduced my kids to them, as well as Hocus Pocus, this year. They loved them, too., From the article:


Initially, the original ending of the first Halloweentown movie was not Marnie putting the talisman in the middle of the jack-o'-lantern. It was Marnie putting the talisman in the middle of a deep, dark forest, the 37-year-old explained.

In the original ending, Brown revealed, the protagonist of the story grew ""exponentially older"" as she traveled deeper into the forest.

""So","December 23 in theaters (limited release), January 6th on Netflix:

>West Point, 1830. A world-weary detective is hired to discreetly investigate the gruesome murder of a cadet. Stymied by the cadets code of silence, he enlists one of their own to help unravel the case  a young man the world would come to know as Edgar Allan Poe.

Cast:

* Christian Bale as Augustus Landor
* Harry Melling as Edgar Allan Poe
* Gillian Anderson
* Lucy Boynton
* Charlotte Gainsbourg
* Toby Jones","*loved* her in Be More Chill. She was very nice when I met her after the show and she (along with the entire cast) made sure everyone got their autograph and photo.

Super sweet person and I only wish her the best., Shes good in marvelous mrs meisel, I feel like people forget that Stephanie Hsu was (and still is) in The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel., Good for her but man I hope this isnt another Gray Man for Gosling, I'm so sick of videogame adaptations, Be More Chill has been my favorite musical for 6 years","Which one plays Chihiro?, Is there anything Ryan Reynolds isnt in right now?, Are they skating?, Woah, is Will Ferrel going to be doing stuff that seems childish for a man his age in every second scene and Ryan will always react with ""i dont know what i expected ""?, Is Will Ferrell turning into Danny Kaye?, I can be brown, Will Ferrell looking closer to death every time I see him., God Ryan Reynalds is just doing a bit much at the moment isn't he.


 Give us a chance to miss you dude","*Wilde* starring Stephen Fry and Jude Law is a spiffing great picture, don't you know, [I've seen this movie before.](https://youtu.be/9HVH_I04ZrM), >The Ideal Wife will shed light on Lloyd, who was an author and feminist activist who took part in the dress reform movement, which campaigned to allow women to dress in comfortable clothing rather than the stifling Victorian dresses of the era. Lloyd married Wilde in 1884 and the couple had two sons. However, after Wilde received a two-year prison term for homosexuality","*In Bruges,* was a 2008 r-rated comedy that rules, as well, 2007 had Superbad, knocked up, and Hot Fuzz so if I had to pick a year I'd probably roll with that one but really 2005 to 2010ish was a great time to hit a theatre and laugh., ""Can I have a coffee, black""  
""Can't you see I'm talking to somebody, White!?"", Agreed 100%.  Me and the wife rewatch Tropic, Step Brothers, and Sarah Marshall every year and still bust a gut.  Role Models and Pineapple I enjoy a lot as well.  And dont forget In Bruges","I like Aaron Eckhart, he never really saw A-list fame even after TDK but pretty much every movie ive seen him in he gives a good performance, I was half-expecting for Liam Hemsworth to come in., ITS ABOUT WHATS FAIR, You either die a hero...or live long enough to see yourself become the Chief of the Station., >Baldwin has become unavailable due to a lengthier shoot than anticipated

That'll never have the same innocent ring to it., Why isn't Eckhart a superstar? His turn as Two Face/Harvey Dent, should have made him one., I like Aaron Eckhart","The dance is the middle of the movie is absolutely incredible, Saturn Awards are a joke, sorry. Ming-Na Wen just won Best Actress for Book of Boba Fett (I kid you not). And Hayden won Best Actor for Kenobi, for the short 3 minutes you see his face.

What a joke of an awards show. Like the cousin of the Golden Globes., This movie is like Moulin Rouge meet Kung Fu Hustle, directed by a not lewd Michael Bay. Excessive in every way. If you give in to its vibes, you'll have a good time, Saw this pop up on Netflix a while back and was skeptical.  Eventually watched it and loved it","It reminded me of Castle Freak from 1995. Pretty fun movie, a little goofy but I enjoyed it., Skarsgards casting was absolute genius. Complete misdirect in every way. We were meant to see through his charm and assume he was the villain. I was convinced he was the bad guy right up until his head got caved in. Phenomenal., I loved how it conveyed the differences in humanity with Georgina Campbell going above and beyond for her fellow human while Justin Long just took advantage of everyone and everything he had. And then theres Andre","Not saying it was the best all-around movie, but the memory of watching The Ring at 1:00 in the morning on a Saturday night in my cousins' basement will always be seared into my memory, and that says something in my view., I love Naomi watts so much, I've said this in other Ring threads, but I was 15 when I watched this. Still have my VHS copy and everything.

In my bedroom I had a little 15 inch TV. After I watched The Ring, I turned my TV around so it would be up against the wall.

She can't get me if she can't get out of the TV, This is one of the few films that legit terrified me","Day one? Didnt we already see this in the previous sequel?, It's a spinoff of the main series and directed by Michael Sarnoski (Pig)

>Not much more is known about this project other than it not being a threequel but rather a spinoff, based on an idea from Krasinski, who directed and starred in the first two films. The hope is this film would help set up a potential Quiet Place universe that the studio can build on for years to come. It is also known that, while not out of the question","Im loving his second run post Kick Ass. Nocturnal Animals and Bullet Train had me really hoping for more ATJ., Gosling just can't say no to any script with man or guy in the title., Incredibly happy about this. Leitch and Taylor-Johnson really struck gold in Bullet Train. Hopefully this is just the beginning of their collabing history., Loved the game, cant wait to see how the adaption pans out, Details:

>Fall Guy was created by Glen A. Larson, the prolific TV producer whose output ranged from Battlestar Galactica to Magnum P.I., and starred Lee Majors as a Hollywood stuntman who","I still think she should've been an Oscar nominee for Hereditary. She's one of the best in the business for sure., United States of Tara was awesome, That one where she plays the mother who is on the edge of losing it throughout the movie was definitely her best work., She's fantastic in *Little Miss Sunshine*. Hell, the movie itself is in my personal Top 10., Im surprised Muriels Wedding was so low, and that Connie & Carla only got an HM. But then again, Variety has always been on the wrong side of cinema, even more so than most other critics. Their reviews dont age well.","One of my favorite horror films of all time. And definitely my favorite zombie/infected movie. 

As a kid, you kinda daydream about being in a zombie apocalypse.. like it would be kinda fun. Especially with the zombies you see in films. Running away and killing slow, stupid zombies that are easy to avoid. 

Then this movie comes along, and the thought of being in that situation was absolutely terrifying and dreadful lol. 

This movie still puts fear in me hahaha. Which is rare for any movie. The gritty style, bleak feeling, insanely fast infected. Absolutely love it., TLDR: Because 9/11","Bram Stoker's Dracula. Harker ( Keanu Reeves) spots Dracula (Gary Oldman),  who has transitioned from being old to young again.
Harker: ""He's grown bloody young!"" >:0, Is it still raining - I hadnt noticed?! At the end of Four Weddings, Talia Al-Ghul's last words and sudden death are really, really bad. Dark Knight Rises. I guess most of her evil parts weren't the best, but she was compelling while wearing a good-guy mask., Not exactly a great movie, but a good","Fuck the ccp, free Hong Kong and keep Taiwan independent, This is an example of why Elon Musk should STFU when it comes to imagining Taiwan as a Hong Kong type quasi-independent governing system. The Brits relinquished Hong Kong's sovereignty to China in 1997 with the guarantee that there would be ""one country, two systems"" for 50 years. We're halfway through, and we see how poorly that has gone. Hong Kong is subject to extradition for criminal offenses to mainland China","Every time.  I immediately go to IMDB., Yep. I don't even really know why, but it's like I just HAVE to know, so I IMDB it, usually while I'm still watching the movie., Now imagine having this problem before internet and smartphones, this bugged the shit out of you and maybe if you were lucky a friend knew who they were., This is the single greatest reason to own a smart phone. Forget all of the conveniences and empowerment. Being able to look up where the hell you know a certain actor from is peak smart phone usage.","I completely forgot they delayed this. Was looking forward to seeing it in December, The kids are in their 30's now., I hope shack did a cameo so he can finally say that he was in Shazam., Did they replace Michelle Borth? Feels like the ""teen"" actress is also playing the adult version, which is a little sad for Borth., Shazam my ass, I was wondering why they're able to wrap production over 4 months before the movie's going to release","Uhhh, *How* could you forget Troy?!, The Dry.Its a great Aussie crime drama he starred in.A bit of a slow burn,but the performances are great., A lot of these ""what happened to x career"" seem to just be cases of people getting enough of Hollywood. Focusing on family, smaller projects etc, hobbies etc. There doesn't have to be any movie that tanked them and in the case of Bana, I see none of those either., Bana has admitted that he's such a big racing fan that he has given up movie roles so he could participate in races.

He made a doco about it, trailer below. Movie is ok","Fantastic. I've been a big fan since Beyond the Black Rainbow and before Mandy was announced I was afraid he would be a one-and-done director. Incredibly excited that he's moving forward with more projects., Panos Cosmatos making a bizarre film? No way., Its not hard sci fi, he tells Den of Geek. Its very fantastical and bizarre. I think of Mandy as sort of a crowd pleaser, but Im hoping this ones going to be even more of a crowd pleaser, because the film I want to make after Nekrokosm is a lot more dark, tonally","The music. It's amazing how it starts with a simple melody then evolves and crescendos at its peak. I think the music was made first before the movie so actors got an idea of the movie before filming began. I could be wrong., I read the book first so the film made perfect sense to me. I havent seen it in a long time though, so thanks for the reminder, Ill watch it tonight. Its sad it got so widely panned, the whole concept is amazing., I really liked it when it came out and also found myself in the minority. I honestly didnt find it that difficult to follow at all","Never underestimate the power of an editor. Shit can be polished into gold and vice versa depending on how it's arranged., I was at a Q&A once with Edgar wright and he was talking about filming Shaun  of the dead. He was very young to be directing the film so on set a lot of people just thought he was part of the crew. 

They were filming the scene where they try blend in with the zombies walking to the bar and one of the extras was chatting to him saying jeez, this ones going straight to dvd.. 

It can be pretty difficult to judge the tone of a film when youre on set","Is that a spinoff of Silent Hill?, You say jcvd, I say I'm in., >Anthony Hickox (Hellraiser III) wrote the screenplay and will direct the film, which will follow four mercenaries who find a hidden treasure in the Congo. They bury it and agree to meet back at the same spot in three years and split the fortune evenly, but things take a different turn. 

>Starring alongside Van Damme will be NFL star-turned-actor Vernon Davis (Gasoline Alley), Rafael Amaya (The Lord of Skies) and Madalina Anea (Watcher)., Half of the movie will be him in his split pose. And only that.","I've said it before, but those Walter Matthau pills David Duchovny are taking are working., Ron can still pull off that Peter Gibbins vibe. The guy does not age!, Hmm, when did Anna Farris turn into Dee from Always Sunny?, I like the growing 'Toni Collette dealing with the dispersement of a passed heirs belongings' cinematic universe., Ron Livingston is one of those guys who I will watch in anything regardless of how mediocre it is.


Come to think of it so it's Duchovney.","She was good in barbarian. Finally got around to watching it and she was a good protagonist from the beginning., Ive had a HUGE crush on her since Hang the DJ. Great actor! Looking forward to seeing more from her, She was great in Barbarian, and also in All My Friend Hate Me, which is worth watching if you have ever reunited with friends and come to the realisation they don't like you., Liam Neeson will be about the same age as Prince Charles is now when this is released., The movie title rang some bells. It's being adapted from a novel of the same name by David Koepp","Waking Life. Literally about dreams, *The Adventures of Baron Munchausen* (1988) is one of my favourite movies. Very dreamlike, to the point where the audience can't be sure if what they were told was just a figment of a crazed imagination.

The unreliable narrator in a story doesn't always appeal to me, but this is an exception that lends a delightful effect., Science Of Sleep, The Fountain

Last year in Marienbad

Brazil

Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter... and Spring

Persona

Dead Ringers

I'm thinking of ending things","[Regardless of what you think about this movie, it gave us this glorious moment.](https://youtu.be/FF44YvDVP8Y), I love the last paragraph of the article:

> Alien Resurrection is often pegged wrongly: less a sequel than it is a comic book-like what if?  a standalone adventure from an alternative Alien-verse, one that imagines what could happen in the more excessive corners of Alien lore.

That's exactly how I felt about movie. It's its own thing, and on those terms it's pretty good.","Classic swashbuckler film, like the first Pirates Of The Caribbean or The Three Musketers., Catherine zeta Jones is sizzling hot in this., You think youre ready? Fine. Choose your weapon. *Banderas pulls the sword and takes form* *Hopkins pulls a spoon*

A serious enough movie that can be enjoyed by adults for its revenge themes and somewhat suggestive scenes; yet still lighthearted enough to be enjoyed by kids. A proper swashbuckler that was very well done., Martin Campbell can direct action sequences like no one else","This felt like a horror movie . That charge scene with tanks and flamethrowers was so intense and horrifying ., Brutal film thats well made and well acted. They made several changes. I kinda miss the scene where Paul goes back home from leave as a stranger and gets called coward by civilians. The scenes with the German diplomat were an interesting touch. The juxtaposition of the desire of peace with the realists and with the old guard that delusionally believe victory is around the corner by throwing more bodies in the meat grinder made for a tragic conflict.",">Plot details are being kept vague but the project is being described as Air Force One meets Midnight Run, centered on a mismatched pair who are in over their heads in a high-stakes situation., Great director. This should be interesting., This is great! Cena & Idris had very good chemistry in The Suicide Squad., Mr. President...

Mr. Prime Minister...


 ***DO YOU REALLY WANNA DO YOU REALLY WANNA TASTE IT?!?!?***, Elba as President in an action comedy could be cool., I learned during the pandemic that I will watch anything with John Cena., Is Chris Rock returning?","Apparently this is not the Kevin McDonald from *Kids in the Hall*., It's his Bond audition, >Described as a smart, modern espionage thriller, A Spy By Nature explores a young spys growing talent for lying and subterfuge, and the consequences this has on his professional and private lives. The film is adapted by BAFTA winner and Academy Award nominee John Hodge (Trainspotting, The Beach) from the first novel in Charles Cummings bestselling Alec Milius spy series., Man, Paul is everywhere right now, guy is having a moment., > Described as a smart, modern espionage thriller","The Fountain. Its a very pretty movie, especially the scene's in ""space""., Big Fish, The Grand Budapest Hotel, Amlie, Lawrence of Arabia stunning at times., [Hero](https://youtu.be/57TliyF8MFI) is art., Portrait of a lady on fire, Blade Runner 2049, House of Flying Daggers and Hero, What Dreams May Come, Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, The fall by Tarsem. Its a personal favourite of mine., Dune the recent one and Arrival., Robin Williams movie ""What Dreams May Come"". As I recall the colors were oversaturated making it visually stunning. But the story is very sad. I've only seen it once","Jaws, Forrest Gump, Children of Men. The book is very different from the movie, and the film is better for it. There's a good chunk of the book where Theo just fucks off and goes on a sightseeing trip across Europe, Fight Club, Maybe not better but equally as good. Jurassic Park., I dont know if it counts, but so far The Boys Amazon is far better than the comic book it was based on., Mike Flannigan's ending to Doctor Sleep was so much better than King's and I generally like King., The Mist. Even Stephen king admits the ending is better., The Prestige.Nolan made some slight differences ","Select all images with  

actors, Ayo, this captcha is so hard to complete.., Very confusing sequel (prequel?) to Armageddon. Some say unnecessary., Saw an early screening and the best part was when Sir Anthony Hopkins says Its Geddin Time. The crowd went absolutely ballistic., A Triumph.

I hate when this phrase is used for movies. Its never talking about the technical accomplishment, or overcoming any adversity whatsoever to make it

Its just a phrase that means this is one of those fancy drama type movies. Thats fine","Tank Girl was my first indication that I might not be straight.

Lori Petty, I still love you., Naomi Watts with black hair...that brought me in, One of the best Soundtracks of the 90s as well. Bjork, Portishead, Tricky...so great., ""Ain't gonna be no crumpets and tea!"", I love Tank Girl and don't consider it a guilty pleasure at all. It's such a fun movie. The mutant roos didn't work for me as well as some other elements, but I love that the film went for it anyway.","r/savedyouaclick

HALLOWEEN III: SEASON OF THE WITCH

THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE 2

BOOK OF SHADOWS: BLAIR WITCH 2

WES CRAVENS NEW NIGHTMARE

THE EXORCIST III, Wes Craven's new nightmare was fucking scary as shit when I was younger. The whole ""its just a movie"" thing couldn't help my bitch ass lol., Exorcist III is excellent. Completely ignoring the Heretic was a great idea. People should definitely be checking it out.

Editing this comment to shout out Brad Dourif for his excellent performance","The Pack:

>The film, which begins shooting in March, follows a group of documentarians who brave the remote wilderness of Alaska in an effort to save a nearly extinct species of wolves. When the crew is brought back together at a prestigious awards ceremony, tensions flare as a deadly truth threatens to unravel their work. The team lived through the harsh elements of the wild but will a secret they share survive the night?, They were awesome in Little Drummer Girl","The Thing, **Tucker and Dale vs Evil** is a true rarity: a horror comedy where the laughs and the shrieks occur at the very same moments. Surprisingly wholesome and moral despite the graphic violence. Came out about ten years ago, where its following has substantially grown., I dont usually like scary movies. But since feel like The Others is a solid choice for people who dont like typical horror gore its old but Nicole Kidman is amazing in it., The Thing (1982), [deleted], ORIGINAL POLTERGEIST, Train to Busan, It follows or Final Girls, Young Frankenstein scared the hell out of me.","Heres a fun tidbit: these arent randomly generated or even randomly displayed.

Netflix makes 5-100 poster frames for each movie and TV show. Netflix then takes what it knows about you and displays the image that it thinks will make the movie appealing to you. For example, my Inside Man thumbnail has Denzel Washington sometimes and sometimes has Clive Owen sitting in the bank vault.

Netflix found that while movie posters are very nice, they arent effective at drawing attention or making a movie look appealing to the user","It just amazes me how ""Safe Haven"" never lets up. It just escalates and escalates. Never seen anything quite like it before or since. It has to be one of the most masterful depictions of all hell breaking loose in media., Im glad someone else didnt hate the one in the newest VHS where they get transported to hell. It was goofy but the premise was interesting enough to carry it, I enjoyed A Ride in the Park. Fun seeing things from the zombie's POV., > Ti West is an excellent filmmaker whose work includes House of the Devil and the A24 X saga","100 - The Blair Witch Project, 1999

99 - Hxan, orWitchcraft Through the Ages, 1922

98 - The Conjuring, 2013

97 - The Burning, 1981

96 - They Look Like People, 2015

95 - In Fabric, 2019

94 - Sator, 2021

93 - The Invitation, 2016

92 - Paranormal Activity, 2007

91 - Creepshow, 1982

90 - Black Christmas, 1974

89 - The Stuff, 1985

88 - Lake Mungo, 2008

87 -Goodnight Mommy, 2014

86 - The Wolf Man, 1941

85 -Carnival of Souls, 1962

84 - The Host, 2006

83 -A Dark Song, 2017

82 -The Bad Seed, 1956

81 -Society, 1989

80 -Friday the 13th, 1980

79 -We Are Still Here","Absolutely horrifying war. Spectacular movie, understandably Germanys choice for the Oscars., Finished it just now. It's so good, I'm actually happy that they didn't fuck this up., Didn't read the book, but for me the movie is one of the best WWI movie of the last ten years, even outpacing 1917.

The scene that struck with me the most is >!the scene with the French soldier, suffocating in his own blood, while paul realizes that he is just another human being. I've read that in the book, this specific event last much longer","I'll ride the nostalgia train heavy on this one. Regardless, I think this looks like a fun, sweet movie and doesn't seem like it's trying too hard. Very much looking forward to this., It doesn't have to be a good movie to be a good *Christmas* movie. I'm sure I'll enjoy it., I think it's cool that they got Peter Billingsly back in this role - Looks like a lot of the old child cast is back, also.

I was smiling through that whole preview like a chump. Usually I'm cynical af about these kind of rehashes, but, I'm all the way in., They put the names Flick and Schwartz with the wrong actors.","One of my top faves from the 1980s. If anyone wants a great representation of NYC in the 1980s, this is it. Dark, wacky, and fun. Surrender Dorothy!, I like this type of up all night movies. I would recommend *Miracle Mile* for a similar vibe., This is the only movie I ever remember seeing where I started laughing uncontrollably in the theater  not because any specific funny thing happened, but because it was just *so weird*., One of my favourite films, actually. It is massively underrated","Wes makes an animatic and voices all the characters in the animatic, what he calls the cartoon. So we watch it on a laptop. We watch the entire movie that he voices on a laptop and it's like, oh, got it. I see where you're going. I see what you're doing and let me see if I can hit that target, the character you've already created.

Excellent quote, I had no idea about this, but love Wes dedication., Asteroid City releases when?! Last I heard was 2022 but I also haven't seen any news that it had been pushed back., Wait, wait, wait, Steve Carell is in it?? I must have missed that announcement!","TIL that Terry Moore is still alive.

She is an Academy Award-nominated actress, who also claimed to have been married to reclusive billionaire industrialist Howard Hughes.  The claim was dubious, particularly since (a) no records of the marriage exist and (b) she was married to other men during the time period in question. But the Hughes heirs gave her a modest portion of the estate to get her out of their hair.","This movie might be the original crossover between cinematic universals., My dad made us endure a lot of Abbott & Costello, Rocky & Bullwinkle, Three Stooges, Spike Jones","Everyone forgets the remake from 79s with Ernest Borgnine and John Boy from Little House on The Prairie. Thats the one I watched in high school in the 90s., Why the fuck am I watching this at 6:30 in the morning, that's absolutely heartbreaking. I couldn't help but think that the 1930 one would have had people who actually experienced it around at that time. The Netflix one seems more, not sure if polished is the word, but there is some immediacy to the 1930 one. But maybe that's because of the context I mentioned earlier.","I hope this is fun! Love Amy Adams but she hasn't been in the best of projects lately., So my guess is that by wishing her life was like a fairytale again, Giselle inadvertently becomes the classical ""evil"" stepmother and has to break the curse before she's the villain forever? If that's the case, or something like it, it's a really clever concept, I can't wait to hear more from duet between Idina Menzel and James Marsden., its like drunk superman III, I still hold Enchanted as possibly one of my favorite movies","1. 1910s  Intolerance (1916)

2. 1920s  The Passion of Joan of Arc (1928)

3. 1930s  Modern Times (1936)

4. 1940s  Citizen Kane (1941)

5. 1950s  Tokyo Story (1953)

6. 1960s  The Battle of Algiers (1966)

7. 1970s  The Godfather (1972)

8. 1980s  Blue Velvet (1986)

9. 1990s  A Brighter Summer Day (1991)

10. 2001s  The Lord of the Rings Trilogy

11. 2010s  Once Upon a Time in Anatolia (2011)","The Hobbit movies. And judging how many fan edits there are out there I am hardly the first person to think this., Australia! First half: amazing. Then it justkeepsgoing, Most of Michael Bay's movies are absurdly long for how much of a plot they actually have., No Time to Die

Rami Malek completes his goal like halfway or so through the movie, then just kind of decides to kill a bunch of people simply because the movie isn't over yet., Recently, Blonde.","I think the first one was an adult comedy that kids thought was funny so the studio switched and made the second movie more kid friendly., The arrows in the thighs scene is literally peak cinema., I was even younger when this movie came out, but growing up, this movie, as well as the sequel, along with Dumb and Dumber were my favorites.

Do you guys think that Switek and Zito from Miami Vice influenced Ace Ventura? I feel like they have similar vibes, lol., I enjoyed both...but I can understand what you mean. He was acting like ace Ventura in the 2nd film","Is that because Spider-Man No Way Home released in the first quarter?, How many good movies have they released lately?, Ive got a way they can raise some money: sell the rights to all of their Marvel characters to Disney / Marvel Studios., *SURGEON'S GENERAL WARNING: Morbin' is a prohibitively expensive process, and should only be used as a means of last resort.*

>!In all seriousness, not surprised. As great as *Bullet Train* was, it... wasn't exactly another *No Way Home*-esque success, was it? So, as usual, it falls upon PlayStation","Great movie. Creepy, gory, well written and dare I say a fun watch. Preferred this to Smile and Pearl (which was almost as good), Great movie! But as a Michigander, I find it odd that there's now been 2 films about sex dungeons set in Detroit. This and Don't Breathe. What's up with that?, Buh Buh, Saw it twice in the theater, loved it, one of the few mainstream movies to come out recently where I want to see the behind the scenes of it, I liked the first half more than the second but overall I thought it was very good.  I kinda disagree that the leads were rational though","I wanna come back inside. Im okay., The Thing is all about self-preservation, the noose is 100% something only Blair would have put up.  Blair was suicidal out of obligation, he's trying to protect the world and prevent rescue.  It's very off that suddenly not only would he would desperately want to be inside, but to be around everybody else at that moment too.  He was the most paranoid & the most on guard, saying he's no threat to anyone is a dead giveaway it's not him, the only end to the threat was cutting off the Thing from living matter.","I loved the movie, but unfortunately hadn't read the book. Still, this is an untimely passing. May she rest in peace., I learned this week that a work acquaintance from a couple of jobs ago passed away earlier this month while driving to work due to a massive heart attack. He was 48.

We obviously aren't going to end the scourge of heart disease in this thread and it's likely that not all of these cases are even preventable but take care of yourselves people., Great movie., Her book deal was one of the first to come from a blog","That's a pretty smart investment though., Pixomondo specializes in virtual production and VFX and is known for its work on Game of Thrones, House of the Dragon and the upcoming Avatar: The Last Airbender. It will maintain three LED soundstages and seven offices in the U.S., U.K., Germany and Canada.

Under the deal, Sony has acquired 100% of Pixomondo. The company will continue to be led by CEO Jonny Slow, who will now report to Ravi Ahuja, Chairman of Global TV Studios and SPE Corporate Development., Let's hope this deal pays off well for both Sony and Pixomondo.","One of the funniest titles Ive ever heard, sounds like a 30 rock Joke, Surely this is Butler's new franchise.

GERARD BUTLER AND JENSEN ACKLES STAR IN **BOAT**

In theatres 2026, Sweet Christmas, this is gonna suck, Guys not to judge a book by its cover...but I'm pretty sure this plane is gonna crash...and call me crazy but they may or may not have to survive after said crash. Just a thought tho, Do I need to watch Car and Train to understand this?, Awful title, THIS IS PLANE!!! 

Proceeds to kick someone in the chest off the plane...., The Plane has Fallen","Baz Luhrman happened. He just makes big, loud, flashy movies that are more concerned with spectacle than story. Either you're into that or you're not. Personally, I don't really get it either but he has his fans., Tom Hanks accent was the most off putting thing about the whole movie for me. (And I love T.H.), >At about the two-third mark when we started with the International Casino arc we got something like a coherent movie,

Haha, that's so funny. My wife and I loved it, but we both agreed that particular point in the film it started to drag a little bit.

Personally","[deleted], Ooooooo yeah, I was just talking to someone about this recently. I dont remember the show or movie I was watching, but any time the shot is framed to show that the driver is facing the passenger and the drivers side window is in the shot, I immediately expect to see an accident, For me it's specifically the camera angle.

If they shoot it such that you can see the driver or the passenger more from the side, where the side window is almost entirely within frame, I assume something is going to suddenly T-bone them.","If you've seen The Kingdom of Dreams and Madness, you know the long ass process and chain smoking that lead to this getting made. LOL, Hell yea cant wait to see his swan song., I thought he retired?, Ive never seen Japanese romaji that uses ., Can't wait, Miyazaki-san is my favorite director.  I'll be there opening night., Is it gonna be on the level of Spirited and Hawl?, The link in the OP seems to be going to the home page. Im so excited I want to use google translate!, Fantastic news., The wind rises was his weakest movie (above average still). It would be a pity to be his last.","I went and saw The Matrix in theater with out see a trailer or hearing anything about it. Sat in my seat processing it as the credits ran.

Edit. Spelling, I'm going to go with my most recent memorable movie experience which was Everything Everywhere All At Once. The hot dog scene and the rock scene in particular were brilliant to watch with an audience., Rise of the Planet of the Apes, when Caesar shouts ""NO !"". You could hear a pin drop after that., We go see Misery around Christmas 1990

Packed theater. When Kathy Bates brings the sledge up, and then down","More Ann dowd is always a good thing, >John Cena... Political Thriller

If Bautista can do a James Bond movie, I guess John Cena can do a political thriller.

Am now waiting for a Dwayne Johnson Art House film., You cant see me? Lol, I'm sorry, I only see 3 actors there, Trent Crimm, Shes just fantastic in everything she does, Chestburster in Alien. Everybody screamed, I remember watching Jurassic Park when it came out","I just want to get Eddie Redmayne a lifetime supply of chapstick, I literally just finished this movie less than 5 mins ago. It was pretty good, a little slow but Jessica Chastain was amazing as always., Did he really shout I cant 1001 times? That was painful to watch., Weird inaccuracy in the final point of this article. The final section discussing the motive says: 

""The film opens with a young Cullen being pushed to the side as a medical team urgently administers defibrillation to a family member."" 

That's just wrong. Its just a random patient","Bridget Jones's Menopause., Bridget Jones's Onlyfans?, I watched the first movie on a rented DVD in like 2008 and as a pudgy 10 year old it meant a lot to see a woman portrayed in full spectrum of personality, with body rolls and imperfections, unlike other movies that I'd watched by then. It's not the greatest movie of all time, but it's still one of my favorite movies and I still get excited for new Bridget Jones movies even though they'll never live up to the first one comedy and plot wise., Wait, there was a third movie?","I love this movie.  Great blend of comedy, action and drama.  It was nominated for visual effects for an Academy Award; it may not be the best now but was top notch in it's time.

When Bowen yells ""You spoke the words!  You spoke then from your heart!"" Always makes me so sad!  As well as when Draco tells him to look to the stars at the end., I remember seeing a behind the scenes teaser before it came out showing how they actually mapped Sean Connery's face to make the dragon face move like his so the voice kinda fits better with it. Pretty cool","I thought this worked on multiple levels. Its an emotionally affecting human drama, an interesting procedural thriller, and a really tense horror film. They all come together really well to make you feel a wider range of emotions, sometimes simultaneously.

Jessica Chastain and Eddie Redmayne are predictably great in it. Chastain is really empathetic and believable, while Redmayne is appropriately creepy. He is genuinely likable for the first half, and its really unsettling how that affability turns to menace while the performance itself hardly ever changes. Even by the end","I thought this worked on multiple levels. Its an emotionally affecting human drama, an interesting procedural thriller, and a really tense horror film. They all come together really well to make you feel a wider range of emotions, sometimes simultaneously.

Jessica Chastain and Eddie Redmayne are predictably great in it. Chastain is really empathetic and believable, while Redmayne is appropriately creepy. He is genuinely likable for the first half, and its really unsettling how that affability turns to menace while the performance itself hardly ever changes. Even by the end","The Shawshank Redemption 

Stand By Me 

Forrest Gump

The Godfather 

Pleasentville

Edward Scissorhands, Peggy Sue Got Married is a fun time travel romp., Blast From The Past (1999)

Pleasantville (1998), American Graffiti. Sounds like something you'd really enjoy. No time travel but it's more a time capsule., Honestly nothing has the magic of Back to the Future., Back to the Future 2 and 3, Singin in the Rain (checks a lot of your boxes)

Romancing the Stone, You might like the series 11.22.63

Beware. Its got James Franco in it but everything you asked for., You mean like","So its the same movie but in the ocean? Guessing the army guys will be trying to drill for oil or the rare mineral from the first movie and he has to unite the two tribes to work together to stop them.  Looks like he has a kid too now., This is going to a event like no other, It's insane how gorgeous this looks visually., Tickets out now!, It's definitely going to be a spectacle.  Can't deny that, Unoboilium, I find complaints about unobtainium rather silly since it had been recognized as an actual term years before Avatar even started filming.","Amazing that something that started out as a fake trailer in a Grindhouse homage turns out to be a good Grindhouse homage itself, ....the bus scene, My wife quotes this movie all the time when she complains about her job, she says she's gonna start selling her hole on the street!

Makes us laugh every time, Delivering justice One shell at a time., Plus, it's got Ricky from the trailer park boys!, that movie got me into synthwave. that song played during the hospital scene is fun to workout to., The Plague were awesome. 

They deserve another appearance in a movie.","Did you cry at that scene in castaway? I bawled, did you ever think you would care so much about a volleyball?, In Cast Away he basically just makes the movie all by himself with his performance. Think with a lesser actor a lot of the moments in the movie would come across as either boring, cringy or both., It's Cast Away. Hanks spends like 70% of that movie on an island with no one to act off of except for a volleyball., Cast Away because he pretty much carries a 3 hour movie by himself., Forrest Gump.  He elevates the performances of the other actors","Its not a traditional post-credit scene, but in the end-credits of The Phantom Menace, the composition morphs into the Imperial March at the end, and under it layered-in is Vader's breathing.

Quite a creepy and effective ""stinger"", The Evil Dead reboot has a VERY brief cameo from Ash after the credits., In Airplane! (1980) had a good post credit. It features the taxicab passenger the protagonist abandoned in the beginning of the film. Still waiting. This film is hilarious even til the end., I found out only last year that Constantine has a post-credit scene.","Soul hit me as a 40 year old in ways I just don't see kids relating to. 

Inside Out does a good job, I think, of hazing themes about growing up that work for both those who are growing up now and those who experienced it and are thinking back on it. 

Also, I remember watching Shrek 4 when it came out and being surprised that a family movie was essentially about the main character getting tired of his family and wishing them away. Of course, he immediately regrets it, but I always wondered if any kids watching the movie asked their parents if they ever wished they didn't exist., Honestly","I do restrain myself from rewatching the same movie in so little time. I also try to cycle my music playlists.

I do that because I have ruined many films and songs by watching / listening them too many times, so I try to manage them for the long term., The more I like a movie, the longer I will go without watching it. I haven't seen the dark knight in like a decade. Lol, Sometimes I will just watch Midsommar multiple times in week when I need it., I'm the same way. I don't think there's anything wrong with it","**The Godfather**

Basically Michael Corleones journey., District 9, Shot caller, Akira, The fly, Dallas Buyers Club, The Hitcher (original). The kid is way different by the end of that movie., [*An American Werewolf In London*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHyvfOUEK4o) (1981), Groundhog Day, Edge of Tomorrow

Schilder's List

Dalla Buyer's Club

District 9, Raging Bull (1980)

Muriels Wedding (1994)

The Heiress (1949)

A Face in the Crowd (1957)

The Last Movie Star (2017), A Tale of Two Cities, 1935","The following all give me lonely/ sad / melancholic vibes (some so much so I can barely rewatch them):-

Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind

Blue Valentine 

Never Let Me Go 

Donnie Darko

Welcome To The Dollhouse 

Carol 

The Virgin Suicides 

Ghost World 

Atonement 

Gone Girl 

The Social Network

Shame 

Burning 

Fight Club 

Kes 

Brief Encounter 

Some are way more miserable than others but I think a lot capture the vibe you want., Moon, Her, Punch Drunk Love, synecdoche, new york","It's not even one of my favorite films, but I think Casablanca fits the prompt. A film that speaks to huge themes: love, friendship, politics, morality, the passing of time., 2001: A Space Odyssey., Schindler's List and Threads, Rashomon 

IMO its the most universal movie ever made. It spans the generational and language barriers with ease, and I believe that this will be true forever, American History X, Tampopo \[ Japan, 1985 \], Life is Beautiful, Platoon, Apocalypse Now, The Manchurian Candidate, Lincoln, Glory, X (by Spike Lee), Panther (1995), We We're Soldiers Once, and Young.","Since it is only at 5 theaters you will get few comments until it expands to wide on Tuesday.  Presumably the official discussion will start on Wednesday., I saw it yesterday at Century City. I thought it was pretty good, Andre Hollands small role was very good and the performances from Timothee and Taylor were amazing, especially Taylor. Very charming cannibal love story with some very tender scenes on love, regret, and acceptance to such an extent that I found myself actively rooting for them to have a happy ending. >!But alas","Ari Asters short, ""The Strange thing about the Johnson's""

You can see it on YT, be warned tho, it's kinda disturbing, Almost everything by Michael Haneke., Tree of Life. 

I remember I really loved the movie but I'd never be able to spend 3 hours watching it again. Never. Back then it just felt right, it did it's thing and made an impression on me. It can't make that impression on me again., Irreversible

Fantastic movie, but I do not want to sit through *those* scenes again., More of a documentary: Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father",">Iger said he has tasked Dana Walden, Alan Bergman, Jimmy Pitaro and Christine McCarthy to design a new structure that puts more decision-making *back* in the hands of our creative teams and rationalizes costs""

In other words they're doing away with Chapek's bullshit that eliminated all the freedom the creatives had and made everyone report to him (or his lackeys) directly, for the sake of micro-managing penny pinching., God, Im *praying* Iger also goes HAM on the parks and gets rid of Genie+ and Lightning Lane",">Every moment of emotional connection or open-mouthed awe is undercut by a joke, as if the filmmakers (director Don Hall of Big Hero 6 and Raya and the Last Dragon, and writer Qui Nguyen of Raya and Netflixs The Society) are allergic to being too earnest.

This is absolutely the most aggravating thing in modern Disney movies to me, from this one to Thor ~~Ragnarok~~ Love and Thunder. Constantly winking at the audience just so they know that you're in on the joke gets exhausting as a viewer. And to be frank if you clearly don't give a shit about your own story","Add them to the list. 

So far I've heard about Robert Rodriguez trying for it in the 2000s, and last I heard: the Rock in the 2010s. 

I think they all run into the same problem: the film was done very well. 

Sure you could add polish here and there, but the core of the film: a self-centred anti-hero on a job for the police state in a prison society is so well presented that a remake is pointless. 

You'd think it wouldn't stop them.... evidently something always does though., These guys arent nearly cool or generally pissed off enough for an escape from ny remake.","If I remember correctly, the studio wanted John Carpenter to direct *Fatal Attraction* but he refused, saying the film was already done before with *Play Misty For Me* and he didnt want to do a retread., One of Eastwood's best films and his directorial debut., if you're looking for similar movies, try Remember My Name.  It's currently on Tubi -

> Just released from prison, a young woman arrives in town to ""start a new life"", but soon begins stalking a married construction worker for no apparent reason, turning his life inside out and eventually terrorizing him and his wife., Love this movie!","Truly a timeless gem of a film., One of Eastwood's best films and his directorial debut., if you're looking for similar movies, try Remember My Name.  It's currently on Tubi -

> Just released from prison, a young woman arrives in town to ""start a new life"", but soon begins stalking a married construction worker for no apparent reason, turning his life inside out and eventually terrorizing him and his wife., Love this movie!","Anastasia makes from a great trivia question: name the 1997 Meg Ryan/John Cusack movie., Kinda unrelated to this but... A couple years ago I went to see the musical on Broadway. I knew nothing about it other than one of the poster looking pretty much like the poster for the movie. 

Went in expecting undead soviet monks and talking bats. 
Left out having watched a quest for your own identity and a love story in the aftermath of the revolution. 

10/10 would totally do it again. Loved the songs and the characters., I was once the most mystical man in all Russia","Is this a prequel origin story to Fall Guys?, I love Kristen Stewart, oh wait., I like the game, says inspired by a 1980 TV series, Try reading the article maybe , Looks like someone face-melded Kristen Stewart and Amy Adams., I see zero resemblance to here personally., I remember that series. Lee Majors ($6M Man) played a Hollywood stunt man who would turn into Dog the Bounty Hunter on the weekends. Not a great show, I'm pretty sure I was only tuning in to see Heather Thomas., With his Bionic parts, I imagine he was pretty good at collecting bounties.","The end of The Matrix with Neo on the pay phone telling the machines how things are going to be from now on, then flying away to the tune of Rage Against the Machine's ""Wake Up."", One of the endings in Return of the King when everyone bows before all the Hobbits. Well earned., The ending of Heat with Pacino chasing De Niro at the airport is so good.

Then, the final line, and ""God Moving Over the Face of the Waters"" by Moby starts playing, and it is just perfect.

 I've seen this movie dozens of times, but the ending always gives me chills., Im sure theres others Im forgetting","I gave it a 5/5 stars when I watched it. To me its the perfect neo western. The outlaw brothers with a good cause, the cop on the verge of retirement. A perfect western brought into the modern era. 

Amazing performances from bridges, pine and foster. It truly is a treat to watch

Edit: Here is what I had to say about it after my first viewing: Hell or High Water (2016), Maybe the best neo western I have ever seen. Seemlessly takes all that is great about the western into the modern era with exceptional performances from Chris Pine, Jeff Bridges and Ben Foster. The film is exciting","This movie was really memorable for me. I'm not sure it's a good movie, and I don't know that I'd say I like it, but I do find myself thinking about it from time to time, and as someone else said in here, no one I know has even ever heard of it., I love this movie. Very few people I know have seen it and no one I know talks about it. It is a great double feature with perfect storm. 

You can either do the Saturday double feature as:

Guardian/ Perfect Storm

Perfect Storm/ Three Kings, Clancy Brown plays Capt. Hadley, which was the name of his character in Shawshank Redemption.","Angelina Jolie played Colin Farrell's mom in the movie Alexander. She was only 1 year older than him when playing the role.

&#x200B;

Although this is the series, in the Golden Girls, Estelle Getty played Bea Aurthur's mom, she was actually 2 years younger than Bea Authur., In dont be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood Trey is actually older then his father he is sent to live with., Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade-Connery was 54 and Ford was 44., Anne Bancroft, 36. Katherine Ross, 28.  In The Graduate, mother and daughter respectively (8 years apart).","That would have given it a Twin Peaks vibe. I like it. The location is unique for storytelling with the border between Nevada(gambling) and California. 
Nice observation!, I remember Chris Hemsworths whole character/crew/cult being underdeveloped and implemented awkwardly (like it threw off the pacing/story structure for a movie that was already too long), I don't think it would have worked better as a miniseries. 

I think it was designed specifically to be a movie with twists and obscured backstories and side stories, but it didn't successfully make the ambiguity interesting","The Northman was the best theater experience - the film was epic and was designed for the theater.  However, The Banshees of Inisherin is the best movie Ive seen all year., The Batman, Yeah, Top Gun would be up there. I sat in the front row and could feel the jet wash through the subwoofers. Not the best movie I've seen all year but it was definitely a unique experience. Elvis was another memorable outing., EEAAO (Everything Everywhere All At Once), I didn't really have much going on during my birthday, so I randomly decided to go my local theater; I love seeing movies on the big screen","After Kyle casually mentioned this on the podcast recently, I'm surprised he's even willing to discuss it. Dude could barely even mention it., The Batman, Yeah, Top Gun would be up there. I sat in the front row and could feel the jet wash through the subwoofers. Not the best movie I've seen all year but it was definitely a unique experience. Elvis was another memorable outing., EEAAO (Everything Everywhere All At Once), I didn't really have much going on during my birthday, so I randomly decided to go my local theater; I love seeing movies on the big screen","Actually looks awesome, James Cameron has a chance to be the first director with three consecutively released movies that gross two billion dollars each with at least a 10yr gap in between each., This comes out in a couple of weeks, has released all the trailers theyre going to release, and I only have a semblance of what the story is going to be. 

Thats insanely refreshing for movies these days, I cant wait to see this in IMAX on opening day, Lotta people on here doubting JC, you hate to see it. The underwater technology behind this is gonna be fucking off the chain., oh","Reign of Fire. Got my first handjob there in the very top/back of the theatre. Magical., I was the best man for my friend in Montana. For their honeymoon they went up to Canada and down into Seattle. A few years later they wanted to go back to Canada, but they wanted me and the maid of honor to join them, so we drove into Edmonton and spent a few days at a bed and breakfast. Each day we would head to the Edmonton Mall. HUGE mall. On the third day we were still finding new stuff. Anyways","So glad its been found! Now we know why Scorsese is so passionate about film preservation, because what couldve been his magnum opus was lost due to feuding mafias. 

/s, Metafilter is still alive?!, Having to click the 5th hyperlink in the same sentence and losing the flow of the text is the same as speaking to a good friend who has ADHD., Its struggling its also been focusing on a political purity quest that had been pushing out most of the old guard

On the other hand, its still one of the last 4 or 5 websites I check daily.

How about you?","Sad day. He put together the film program in my state (Oklahoma) but sadly I never got to take one of his classes. He will be missed., This is....wow its been a really bad couple of years for losing creative people we always thought were going to be there., Having to click the 5th hyperlink in the same sentence and losing the flow of the text is the same as speaking to a good friend who has ADHD., Its struggling its also been focusing on a political purity quest that had been pushing out most of the old guard

On the other hand","It was fine. I grew up on the original trilogy, but I still enjoyed kotcs. My favorite is ToD.. so that may explain it. I enjoy the ridiculous stuff. Sure Shia swinging on vines was silly, but so was jumping out of a crashing airplane, relying on an inflatable raft to land on an ice mountain then ride that off a cliff into a rapid river.., I was 18 when it came out, but I really enjoyed it then and still do today. I personally like it better than Temple of Doom. I don't get the irrational hate towards this movie. I understand being disappointed by it after waiting so long","The Weird Al movie had no business being that good, The Black Phone. Knew nothing about it but wanted to watch something along the lines of that type of movie. Assumed it would be bad but was actually pretty good., Clerks III. I have been disappointed by pretty much every movie Ive seen in theaters the past couple years with very few exceptions. I didnt really expect to like the movie as much as I did, but I loved it. It has this charming simplicity to it that reminded me of why I really love movies. Guess I have to admit that Im kind of a sucker for Smiths more sentimental dialogue","The Weird Al movie had no business being that good, The Black Phone. Knew nothing about it but wanted to watch something along the lines of that type of movie. Assumed it would be bad but was actually pretty good., Clerks III. I have been disappointed by pretty much every movie Ive seen in theaters the past couple years with very few exceptions. I didnt really expect to like the movie as much as I did, but I loved it. It has this charming simplicity to it that reminded me of why I really love movies. Guess I have to admit that Im kind of a sucker for Smiths more sentimental dialogue","Ian McKellen.  He completely embodies both Gandalf and Magneto equally successfully., Gary Oldman

It's like his bread and butter, Mads Mikkelsen, Assuming we're including dead actors as well, Rutger Hauer and Christopher Lee., Christian Bale, I would like to throw in Mark Strong's name in the hat but there are many other greats also mentioned, Daniel Day Lewis

Al Pacino

Jack Nicholson, Ralph Fiennes., Michael Fassbender, Denzel Washington, Edward G. Robinson was convincing as both hero and villain., Viggo Mortensen

Lucifer -- The Prophecy

Aragorn -- LOTR","Brigadier General Francis Hummel (Ed Harris) from The Rock. One of the most understandable and sympathetic villains I've ever seen in a movie., My boi Satan.

Edit: I don't think satan ever did anything wrong though?, Magneto, Pearl kind of but maybe more in the film Pearl and not so much in X, Bruce the shark , Jaws, Neil McCauley (**Heat**), Prince Zuko, Al Pacino as John Milton in The Devil's Advocate., Jason Vorhees, Khan Noonian Singh.

Supposed to be getting a fresh start as colonists on a green new planet.

Months later","Banshees of Inisherin is so phenomenal it's not even funny, Prey, one of the best this year for me, My choices are usually not based on what I think is the best artistically, or the most ground breaking etc, but movies I am most likely to rewatch, potentially several times.

&#x200B;

Everything everywhere all at once is my vote for best, its just so much fun and so amazing, its the multiverse movie done right.

Top Gun Maverick is good, a great nostalgia-fest",My favorite part of the movie is the reveal that the kids are Mormon ,"Billy Bob Thornton., Billy Bob Thornton in Bad Santa, no contest., Bill Goldberg as Santa should be in consideration., Edmund Gwenn (A Miracle on 34th Street  1947)

Billy Bob Thorton (Bad Santa)

Richard Attenborough (A Miracle on 34th Street 1994)

Oliver Clark (Ernest Saves Christmas)

Richard Riehle (A Very Harold & Kumar Christmas), Mel Gibson in the list, Dan Aykroyd x 5, 1. Tim Allen
2. Kurt Russell
3. Edmund Gwenn
4. Mickey Rooney
5. Paul Frees, I got to see the premier of *Violent Night* and David Harbour is hands down my favorite Santa. I dont need another too four. Case closed.","Screamers is awesome., Billy Bob Thornton in Bad Santa, no contest., Bill Goldberg as Santa should be in consideration., Edmund Gwenn (A Miracle on 34th Street  1947)

Billy Bob Thorton (Bad Santa)

Richard Attenborough (A Miracle on 34th Street 1994)

Oliver Clark (Ernest Saves Christmas)

Richard Riehle (A Very Harold & Kumar Christmas), Mel Gibson in the list, Dan Aykroyd x 5, 1. Tim Allen
2. Kurt Russell
3. Edmund Gwenn
4. Mickey Rooney
5. Paul Frees, I got to see the premier of *Violent Night* and David Harbour is hands down my favorite Santa. I dont need another too four. Case closed.","The Pentagon Wars, which turned the Bradley Fighting Vehicle procurement process in to a farcical comedy starring Kelsey Grammer and Cary Elwes (and a young Viola Davis)., *Independence Day* and *Forrest Gump*.  Both rejected by the DoD., Making a guess but,  Apocalypse Now.  Doubt it  had support from Military, Dr Strangelove, Team America, Buffalo Soldiers (2001), Jarhead. Turns out the idea of sitting in a desert for months huffing burn barrel fumes and killing zero ""bad guys"" while someone fucks your girlfriend doesn't get asses in recruiting center seats., Three Kings, Thunderpants",N/A,N/A,"Michael looking forlorn at 1:32 is pretty iconic (its the final shot of the movie), or, yeah, Michael kissing Fredo (its the moment around which the entire story turns) or the shot at the 4:00 mark where youve got the two protagonists (father and son) together in the same frame for the only time in the movie., At the very least you're gonna want Michael kissing Fredo at 3:25.

Or maybe the look he gives him immediately after., Wait. Do you want three scenes or three seconds? Huge difference.

If you want three scenes the best, IMO","Michael looking forlorn at 1:32 is pretty iconic (its the final shot of the movie), or, yeah, Michael kissing Fredo (its the moment around which the entire story turns) or the shot at the 4:00 mark where youve got the two protagonists (father and son) together in the same frame for the only time in the movie., At the very least you're gonna want Michael kissing Fredo at 3:25.

Or maybe the look he gives him immediately after., Wait. Do you want three scenes or three seconds? Huge difference.

If you want three scenes the best, IMO","Jacob's Ladder for me. What a mind fuck, it's great., Jacob's Ladder. Great psychological horror film with a great Tim Robbin's performance and it even inspired Silent Hill games as a bonus., As far as his erotic films go, I think my favorite may be Unfaithful. Diane Lane is just a knockout in that movie. However, I can't get over the fact that Dewey from Malcolm in the Middle plays the son., Jacob's Ladder, Lolita for me., Jacobs Ladder and Fatal Attraction. Both are classics., I have seen most of those, but not all. Of the ones I've seen","Saw her name pop up (again) on the Black Panther Wakanda Forever credits and thought, ""Hmm, I don't know anything about her except she must be excellent at her job"".

Thanks for this - I don't see much from Marie Claire., Jacob's Ladder. Great psychological horror film with a great Tim Robbin's performance and it even inspired Silent Hill games as a bonus., As far as his erotic films go, I think my favorite may be Unfaithful. Diane Lane is just a knockout in that movie. However, I can't get over the fact that Dewey from Malcolm in the Middle plays the son., Jacob's Ladder, Lolita for me.","It's been a few years since I watched the film, but if I remember correctly another character mentions that her father tried to raise her like a boy. Maybe that was her way of trying to be more fierce or to get taken more seriously? Maybe that's what her father raised her to do?, >Was it something derived from a certain style of theater performance

Yes, I think this is correct.  A lot of acting in North America up until the 1950s was still based on theater acting style.  In theater you need to project your voice towards the back row","*Be not too much water, my friend*, damn, right after the Avatar trailer, Not enough fire, r/hydrohomies may want a voice in this discussion..., Lolita for me., Jacobs Ladder and Fatal Attraction. Both are classics., I have seen most of those, but not all. Of the ones I've seen, Jacob's Ladder.

His most underrated has to be Deep Water. C'mon, that was actually pretty good. I feel like the ending was changed, but it was the best erotic thriller Hollywood has made in quite a while., Foxes is pretty good., huh","Hudson Hawk. 

Dumb movie. 

AMAZING cast chemistry. 

Definitely on my list of ""infinitely rewatchable, even if only in the background""., Gigli

Nah just kidding, they suck., That movie has the best kind of ridiculousness to it. They just own it, and it works. At least I think. Its been over a decade since I saw it last. Might have to change that tonight., I feel like I'm only one of dozens of people in the world who genuinely like Hudson Hawk., But JLo and Owen Wilson had it in the sappy Marry Me., It's  a lonely club. As in I enjoy that film as well. Now we need to unite the other 10.","Strange choice casting Mike Tyson as MLK but Im here for it., Gigli

Nah just kidding, they suck., That movie has the best kind of ridiculousness to it. They just own it, and it works. At least I think. Its been over a decade since I saw it last. Might have to change that tonight., I feel like I'm only one of dozens of people in the world who genuinely like Hudson Hawk., But JLo and Owen Wilson had it in the sappy Marry Me., It's  a lonely club. As in I enjoy that film as well. Now we need to unite the other 10., I have seen most of those, but not all. Of the ones I've seen","Could it be one of these or something similar they've invented for the film?

&#x200B;

https://www.wiphone.io/, Thanks for the link! This looks very similar. I *think* that the only difference I notice is the addition of buttons below the screen. In the movie it had a small cube appearance and a touch screen? Also not sure if the one in the movie theoretically required wifi or not?

You also gave me the idea of looking up ""open source phones"" because of your comment, which led me to find this: https://hackaday.io/project/2478-open-source-cell-phone","Cabin in the woods comes to mind, Empire Strikes Back, Several iterations of the Invasion of the Body Snatchers films end on a pretty bleak note where its heavily insinuated that the aliens have completely taken over the planet, or soon will at any rate., Brazil (director's cut)., The Tv series Angel., Chinatown., Fallen., Infinity War, Twin Peaks, John Carpenter's ""apocalypse trilogy"": The Thing, Prince of Darkness, and In The Mouth of Madness.","I do rewatch movies a lot but I am terrible at remembering quotes., Yes, I am also big on dialogue which is why I have a billion quotes rattling around in my head.

If you want a great old school movie with top notch dialogue, The Big Sleep with Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall is awesome.

&#x200B;

Eddie Mars: Convenient, the door being open when you didn't have a key, eh?
  

  
Philip Marlowe: Yeah, wasn't it? By the way","The Dollars Trilogy, Of course I love the Dollars Trilogy. But I also like a lot of Corbuccis Spaghetti westerns especially Django and The Great Silence. I also liked the more comedic take on the genre in My Name is Nobody., Im a big fan of High Plains Drifter., The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Once upon a time in the West is Leones best western to me personally, Every Sergio Leone one apart from Fistful of Dynamite (I still argue with my brother about this)","I loved it! I love ""Elf"" too, so getting to see Will Farrell in a new Christmas movie was great. Ryan Reynolds normally bugs me a little, but  he was perfect in his role.

And the choreography - my god the choreography! It was a like an old Broadway musical movie from the 50's, but better!

All in all a fun way to start the holiday season and it put me in a good mood to go spend time with extended family. 10/10 from me!, It looks like everyone did their damned best in this one, songwriters, music, choreography, set design","It's because that's what civil war in Africa is like. It's literally just that the government just fought a battle against rebels in the village so they just assume everyone in the village might be a rebel. Maybe they're just high on bloodlust. Regardless, it's just a thing that happens and sets the tone for the rest of the film as the character descends into brutality., I understand, thanks for the answer","You might be remembering the never-made Alejandro Jodorowsky feature called King Shot in which Marilyn Manson was to play a Pope., [Here's some info on King Shot ](https://oneroomwithaview.com/2014/08/22/best-films-never-made-19-alejandro-jodorowskys-abel-cain-king-shot/), Yes yes that's its!! Thank you!
I've been thinking it was Guillerno del Toro but you are completely right!
I think about this movie's premise about once every other year.

Big thanks! It really had a cool premise and too bad it wasn't made., I'm really happy someone else remembers it too.","Only the best movie ever: Master and Commander, *Master and Commander*, Master and Commander, Mast er and Command er., Vagina dentata?, I saw it years ago and I have mostly forgotten it, but if you asked me to recall a scene, it would definitely be the cabin boy biting down on a bit of wood then getting sawed into pieces., i was going to say master and commander and i think ive only seen it once lol, We could be friends, I dont even know er!, >something called Phantasmagoria starring Manson, and I had thought thats what became of King Shot","You dropped this ), One minor critique for OP (assuming you made this) is that Guy rhymes with ""see""","You dropped this ), One minor critique for OP (assuming you made this) is that Guy rhymes with ""see""","You're better off asking in a place like /r/boutiquebluray, https://auctions.yahoo.co.jp/search/search?p=%E5%B0%91%E5%B9%B4%2F%E3%83%A6%E3%83%B3%E3%83%9C%E3%82%AE%E3%81%AE%E6%97%A5%E8%A8%98&ei=UTF-8&exflg=1

There are some listings on yahoo auctions Japan, buy it with a proxy service like buyee, I first saw it on Netflix DVD rental. It's so bleak you'd doubt the world forever., Are those safe?, Netflix had a DVD of it?

Did they print their own?, I saw it years ago and I have mostly forgotten it, but if you asked me to recall a scene","Asako I & II. Japanese movie directed by Ryusuke Hamaguchi., That's it! Thanks so much, I first saw it on Netflix DVD rental. It's so bleak you'd doubt the world forever., Are those safe?, Netflix had a DVD of it?

Did they print their own?, I saw it years ago and I have mostly forgotten it, but if you asked me to recall a scene, it would definitely be the cabin boy biting down on a bit of wood then getting sawed into pieces., i was going to say master and commander and i think ive only seen it once lol, We could be friends, I dont even know er!","Jeff Goldblum., Gregory Peck

Jack Lemon

Peter Cushing

Katherine Hepburn

Judy Garland

Jessica Tandy

Mena Suvari, Randy Quaid

Cynthia Rothrock

Tim Robinson

Bob Dylan

Albert Brooks

Molly Ringwald 

Franco Nero

Nicolas Cage

Aubrey Plaza","Jeff Goldblum., Gregory Peck

Jack Lemon

Peter Cushing

Katherine Hepburn

Judy Garland

Jessica Tandy

Mena Suvari, Randy Quaid

Cynthia Rothrock

Tim Robinson

Bob Dylan

Albert Brooks

Molly Ringwald 

Franco Nero

Nicolas Cage

Aubrey Plaza","Its good to see Nicholas Cage working with well known actors again and not a bunch of D listers., Gregory Peck

Jack Lemon

Peter Cushing

Katherine Hepburn

Judy Garland

Jessica Tandy

Mena Suvari, Randy Quaid

Cynthia Rothrock

Tim Robinson

Bob Dylan

Albert Brooks

Molly Ringwald 

Franco Nero

Nicolas Cage

Aubrey Plaza","Its good to see Nicholas Cage working with well known actors again and not a bunch of D listers., Gregory Peck

Jack Lemon

Peter Cushing

Katherine Hepburn

Judy Garland

Jessica Tandy

Mena Suvari, Randy Quaid

Cynthia Rothrock

Tim Robinson

Bob Dylan

Albert Brooks

Molly Ringwald 

Franco Nero

Nicolas Cage

Aubrey Plaza","Always go physical., If you love something own it physically. Streamers and studios can fuck you up, Physical > DRM-free Digital > Digital >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Streaming., Physical copies that come with digital copies as well, For me it adds to the experience to look at the cover art and read the back and look at the pics. The previews of other movies at the beginning is also something I kinda enjoy. Some have great bonus features.. you can lend the bluray to a friend who has no internet. Streaming movies just isn't the same to me personally.","Always go physical., If you love something own it physically. Streamers and studios can fuck you up, Physical > DRM-free Digital > Digital >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Streaming., Physical copies that come with digital copies as well, For me it adds to the experience to look at the cover art and read the back and look at the pics. The previews of other movies at the beginning is also something I kinda enjoy. Some have great bonus features.. you can lend the bluray to a friend who has no internet. Streaming movies just isn't the same to me personally.","Vietnam war movies have the best sound tracks. The tone of the movies are usually very different as well. Much prefer Vietnam War movies. Side note, there is almost nothing finer than a young Matthew Modine during that Full Metal Jacket/Vision Quest era., [removed], There's no ambiguity about the Vietnam war. 

America are the equivalent of the nazis invading a sovereign nation and experimenting with new weapons and hardware developed post ww2 / korean war. 

If uou think there's any ambiguity about invadinf and bombing a poor country then you need to get your head checked.","Soviet Movies Online is a great resource. Dont know if they have that one though., Yo sup, titles!, Now I want a movie with subtitles translated  by a complete duedbro., Thank you very much. I'll check it, My bad sorry, Vietnam., If you're expecting me to choose between apocalypse now and come and see you're not gonna get an answer, WWI, I prefer WW2 movies, especially those that show the war from the perspective of other armies, like the Germans, Soviets or Japanese. 

My cousins, who all fought in Vietnam, despise nearly all the Vietnam war movies as either politically flawed","In no particular order: 

1. Gremlins 2 

2. The Godfather 

3. Goodfellas 

4. Dog Soldiers 

5. Love Actually 

6. The Goonies 

7. The Monster Squad 

8. Terminator 2: Judgement Day 

9. Once Upon a Time in the West 

10. Donnie Brasco 

11. An American Werewolf in London 

12. Abbot and Costello Meet Frankenstein 

13. Demolition Man 

14. Jurassic Park 

15. King Kong (the original) 

16. Heavyweights 

17. Friday the 13th Part 6: Jason Lives

18. Halloween (the original) 

19. American History X 

20. Labyrinth","In no particular order: 

1. Gremlins 2 

2. The Godfather 

3. Goodfellas 

4. Dog Soldiers 

5. Love Actually 

6. The Goonies 

7. The Monster Squad 

8. Terminator 2: Judgement Day 

9. Once Upon a Time in the West 

10. Donnie Brasco 

11. An American Werewolf in London 

12. Abbot and Costello Meet Frankenstein 

13. Demolition Man 

14. Jurassic Park 

15. King Kong (the original) 

16. Heavyweights 

17. Friday the 13th Part 6: Jason Lives

18. Halloween (the original) 

19. American History X 

20. Labyrinth","Napoleon Dynamite. I recall years back Netflix had a completion to devise a new algorithm for movie suggestions and this was identified as a movie that gave people problems because it was so polarizing., Batman vs superman is one. Ive seen some people who think its a really bad movie and some people worship it., Boring answer but The Last Jedi., mother!, [Martyrs](https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/9539-martyrs), either you love it for the ideas it builds to or you see it as torture porn., 2001: A Space Odyssey","There is a funny Family Guy bit about this, It's much more common in non-US productions because, without major studio support, a film requires several production companies and government assistance to get made., Dont watch Paul Schraders recent films.

I love them, but theyre weird little indies that he scrapes together with funding from like 20 different producers., I saw a movie that had six on screen together at the same time. It was glorious. They should all do that from now on.

Byzantium. That was the movie. Pretty cool vampire movie also.","For me it was the groundbreaking 3D and special effects. The story wasn't as important as the spectacle of the whole thing. I look forward to this new one in December. I can't even imagine how far technology has come since the first movie. We will see what a 2 BILLION DOLLAR movie looks like., Looks great, had a lot of marketing and has an easy an accessible story that evokes nostalgia., Are you all like 19 years old?   James fucking Cameron.  Sheesh., It actually looks like a movie that was filmed in 2154. The Navi and Pandora felt real, as depicted in the second act","It is called, ""Therapy""., Im sure your messing with me but thanks anyway bro., Are you all like 19 years old?   James fucking Cameron.  Sheesh., It actually looks like a movie that was filmed in 2154. The Navi and Pandora felt real, as depicted in the second act, which is probably my favorite second act in all of cinema., Things that seem unique and interesting ideas at the time and get marketed well can explode in popularity.","It was exceptional for horror movies., The summer glut was really noticeable. Literally nothing to watch from like July-October., Nah it's wasn't that good, very few really good movies., I've cried so many times and its been fantastic. 

Marcel The Shell, Nope, Banshees, Wakanda Forever, all major bangers with nothing in recent years coming as close to EEAO. 

I thought Vengeance was mostly great, but I am also a Texan so there's that lol., I feel spoiled. Im worried 2023 is going to be awful to compensate.","It was exceptional for horror movies., The summer glut was really noticeable. Literally nothing to watch from like July-October., Nah it's wasn't that good, very few really good movies., I've cried so many times and its been fantastic. 

Marcel The Shell, Nope, Banshees, Wakanda Forever, all major bangers with nothing in recent years coming as close to EEAO. 

I thought Vengeance was mostly great, but I am also a Texan so there's that lol., I feel spoiled. Im worried 2023 is going to be awful to compensate.",Sometimes there also isn't a story. The original Super Mario Bros didn't have much story beyond Bowser kidnapped Princess go rescue her. The World building was minimal at best. So when they made a movie they didn't have much to work with and found a way to get two plumbers from Brooklyn to the Mushroom Kingdom.,"I dont know who could truly do the character justice as she did. And the set design, and costume design were on point. As well as the animation segments.

I think they would be really hard pressed to have it on the same level, even with the advancements in film making technology since the original.

Lori had a very singular type of energy to her. I dont think Ive seen it in anyone since. I could be wrong about that though","I liked it. Wasnt expecting citizen Kane. I wanted to munch popcorn on Halloween and watch something dark and creepy. It did a good job of building suspense, the pacing was good, the ending paid off as expected and I went home happy, I thought it was only ok. It was, as you also felt, derivative. Its a shame because the concept was cool. I think showing the monster physically was a terrible choice. Also, the husband and ex-husband had a dynamic which could have yielded quite complex conflict, but was never explored. I thought the performances were decent","Ernest Hemingway once wrote, The world is a fine place and worth fighting for. 

I agree with the second part., 1. We'll always have Paris scene in Casablanca
2. As God as my witness, they're not going to lick me, and when this is all over ill never be hungry again, no nor  any of my folks, if I have to lie, steal, cheat or kill, as God as my witness I'll never be hungry again, Screws fall out all the time, the world is an imperfect place - John Bender. Breakfast Club, You really need to relax. - Mila Kunis, Black Swan.

This sometimes works for me, tbh.","I didn't know they exist., Catch 22. Anyone who does would never admit it. If they did, then they would automatically be classified as insane and not trusted in saying so., I guarantee you there is a person who does. I am not that person but Im sure they do exist, I liked home alone 3 as a kid, but to be fair I was so young I dont think Id even seen the first two at that point., Roger Ebert gave thumbs down to Home Alone and Home Alone 2 and a thumbs up to Home Alone 3. Gene Siskel gave thumbs down to all 3 movies.","No shit! I noticed that also. Idiotic., Are you sure the other theater already has something scheduled on that screen?  They might be one of the theaters that starts scheduling blocks only three weeks ahead of time.  Also some only set them up on Tuesdays so check again late tomorrow.  In my area absolutely no screens are scheduled for it and that certainly  change either this Tuesday or next., [deleted], Tragic, The movie is showing in the larger Dolby Cinema, just not in 3D, Dont usually care for 3D personally, but Avatar is the exception. Truly meant to be seen in 3D","Wh- kids think Elsa saved her sister??? I watched as an adult (coincidentally at the exact same time as my younger sister who lived 5 hours away) and I thought it was pretty obvious that sacrificing herself for her sister was the act of true love. ... Kids these days, Villains are always more interesting. Especially on Halloween. Bad metric., [deleted], Tragic, The movie is showing in the larger Dolby Cinema, just not in 3D, Dont usually care for 3D personally, but Avatar is the exception. Truly meant to be seen in 3D","Superman 2 made me start smoking., Theres a difference between fictional characters interacting with real world products naturally versus what is essentially an in-movie advertisement., It's like people only do things because they get paid, and that's just really sad[.](https://youtu.be/8lgLYGBbDNs).., Because it's super distracting and immediately takes you out of the movie if they force it to much., Tarantino avoided product placement and instead created his own nonsense products that have become iconic in their own way","Why would you watch the 2nd one before the first?, You watched Anchorman 2 without having seen the first film? Why?, Anchorman 2 doesnt manage to cast the same spell as the first. 

However. The News Brawl in the sequel is arguably the best scene in the film. 

I mean cmon, thats the ghost of Stonewall Jackson!, Go watch the 1st, sequels always suck, If you cut 20-30 minutes out of that movie, its a classic, The first is a classic. Sequels are hardly ever better than the first., It was the start of horrible sequels.joe dirt, Zoolander etc","This looks like an SNL sketch screengrab, Synopsis:

>The film centers on Carl Nargle (Wilson), who has hosted Vermont's #1 painting show for nearly three decades. While Carl's signature whisper has long kept viewers from Pittsfield to St. Albans breathlessly hanging on his every stroke, the station eventually hires a younger, better painter who steals everything (and everyone) Carl loves.

In theaters April 28, 2023

[Source](https://twitter.com/ifcfilms/status/1593304209243373574?s=46&t=tJVbPq3VbRqdQTxYp7Wuig), Wow look at those trees, and we can add a little bush in there too woooow","When he dove out of the skydive plane in the Power Rangers movie with a board on his feet I thought there was no way anyone could be any cooler. He was top., Growing up means watching my heroes turn human in front of me

This fucking sucks, The Green Ranger Megazord will be screaming right now, Damn. Just met him a few months ago. Childhood hero of mine. Told him Power Rangers was the reason I got into filmmaking. Glad I got to tell him how much he meant to me.","Holy shit. Didn't Chapek just extend his contract not that long ago? Wonder how they got around that., Wow. Pretty big news. Things must really not be going well if they're canning Chapek this soon into his tenure., Somehow... Lord Iger has returned, Here's the email he sent to employees:
>

	
Dear Fellow Employees and Cast Members,

It is with an incredible sense of gratitude and humilityand, I must admit","I can hear the ""ah, doktoh jones!"" [evil German smile] already., Holbrook looks like he wants pictures of Spider-Man., Well at least none of the villians are less than half his age (actor age anyway) - probably wouldn't have seemed very fair otherwise. Harrison Ford is 80, but at this year (1969), they are saying Indie is 70 (born 1899)., Set in 1969?

Oh God, Indiana Jones is going to the Moon to fight space Nazis, isn't he?, I like Boyd, he was great in Narcos, Mads Mikkelsen looks like he melts Toons in acid for fun, Nice to see Mads Mikkelsen playing against type as a good guy for once","Indiana Jones and the Goddamn Hippies, Sean Connery was 58 during filming of The Last Crusade. Ford was 79 during filming of Indiana Jones 5., He belongs in a museum!, ""The newest installment follows Jones as he wins tickets for a boat trip with 2 of his friends, costarring T-Pain as himself."", Indiana Jones 5: So Very Tired, When os this supposed to be set? The 80s?, Ford:

>Its full of adventure, full of laughs","I'm curious how they write out Mutt and Marion, So who would that make her father?  Anyone we know?, *last scene in the movie*

Old Lady: Whats your name?

Waller-Bridge: Helena Indiana Helena Jones!, Phoebe breaking the forth wall every scene and Harrison mumbles in the background, I say they bring back Shortround!, Where's lebeauf?, glad that Fleabag is getting Star Wars and Indiana Jones checks, but I need more of that good shit, My favorite thing about Indy (the character) is that he bumbles.

He's not perfect. In fact","I hope the subplot of Neal's wife is intact and included. Apparently there were scenes where Neal's wife thought he was cheating with a woman called Dell. That makes her emotional reaction to seeing him and Dell at the end make sense.

https://www.cbr.com/planes-trains-automobiles-directors-cut-explained/, We're going the wrong way? How does he know where we're going?,  - Do you know how happy I am that I didn't kill you?
 - Do you know how happy I'd be if you did?, You know what would make me happy?

Another couple of balls and an extra set of fingers?","The coolest thing I got out of that article is that Jeff Cohen (Chunk from Goonies) is his lawyer now. Glad both are still successful and friends, Youre coming back to acting?
Thats what I said!, Immediately realizing that it was him in the film was a highlight of the year for me haha. He was so great and kind of made the movie for me., Waymond is my favorite male character.

A character whose depiction of strength is so different than any other I have seen for male characters. Usually when kind, supportive","""Scorcese turned 80, so we ranked his life."", He only has one Oscar for best director or picture which is crazy, Kundun! I liked it! - Christopher Moltisanti",">The night it opened in theaters nationwide, the movie's screenwriters, Steve Koren and Mark O'Keefe, ran into producer Michael Bostick and pitched him a hellish sequel idea about Bruce gaining the powers of Satan. Naturally, the follow-up would be called  what else?  ""Brucifer."" The duo later brought the idea to Universal Pictures around 2010, but by then, the studio had long since endured the colossal financial bomb that was 2007's Evan Almighty (a pseudo-sequel starring a then up-and-coming Steve Carell). Despite enthusiasm on Carrey's end","So we been through all the animals, now it's elements. Pixar skipped the entire grocery section. Thanks, Sausage Party., you see, the arched eyebrow indicates she's sassy, Inside Soul Out, I was scrolling down and for a few seconds I thought this was a sequel to Osmosis Jones, So is it the usual feisty girl, goofy guy dynamic?, At first I thought this was about the online game, Fireboy and Watergirl lmao, But shes fire and hes water!!!! How will this even work out!?!?, He's wet and she's hot???, Pretty sure I saw this on Adventure Time, Bethesda makes a sexier flame atronach.","Seriously, only the first one seemed focused on actual beasts., The biggest mistake is keeping the ""Fantastic Beasts"" in the title for each film., It's pretty incredible if you think about it. They had what was essentially a Pokemon-by-way-of-the-Wizarding-World concept in their pocket, and yet they decided to make.... whatever this shit turned out to be., Probably because none of the fantastic beasts movies feel magical at all like the old Harry Potter movies did.

That","So the only returning character is the character who didn't like weed.... in a stoner movie.....?, Is this one of those straight-to-video sequels from the company that made these *Jarhead* sequels and a prequel to *R.I.P.D.*?, We are thrilled to announce the next chapter inHalf Baked, with new characters and a hilarious story that is sure to satisfy followers of the original film while attracting a whole new generation of fans, said Glenn Ross, General Manager and Executive Vice President, Universal 1440 Entertainment.

The fucking audacity., I had a HUGE crush on her on The Craft.","I am almost certain he has written himself into a corner for the main book series and has no idea how to get out, so hes just doing all these side projects to buy more time., Finish the god damn books George, Y'all motherfuckers are funny if you are still thinking he'll finish TWoW, let alone ADoS.

&#x200B;

It ain't happening., Get your salt here! Lifetime supply of salt available in these comments!","I wonder if this will be connected to Noah Hawleys FX Alien tv show. Reports as recent as November 5 say its still happening., Rated PG: Post Giger, They mostly come out and suck. Mostly., Need to have intelligent characters who also die intelligently. The crew cobbled weapons and worked a plan in Alien, even if Lambert died screaming. Aliens the team were cocky, but made a plan and worked it, only making silly mistakes. Prometeus and Covenant irritated me for lack of the same. Dont use lazy writing and have people pull holes in it before shooting, Its game over, man! Game over!!!","The MORGUE???? She'll be furious!!, NOW a warning?!, I miss the 90's. It was far more common to have campy schlock with a weird premise, but still have a big budget and an A-list cast. Half the fun of that move was seeing those three in the last movie you'd expect them to be in, and they all killed it., Youre a walking lie, and I can see right through you!, *F L A C C I D*, I want to talk about Madeline Ashton!

What a fantastic movie. Ive always wanted a playbill from Songbird. Lol., ""Neighbors?! In 12 years living in Los Angeles, have you ever seen a neighbor?!"" Classic.","Wicked Smaat Films, I have high hopes for these two unknown guys and I wish them the best in their burgeoning film careers., Surprised it has taken them this long, A *Not Your Fault* Production..., If it's not called ""Back of a Volkswagon"" I don't wanna hear about it, For those who don't read the article, the special thing about this is that they will share the revenue with everybody involved., How do you like them apples?, I suppose with how corporate studios have become with movies","Man, Anna Taylor Joy is getting cast in everything. 

I really want to see this, Ralph Fiennes is one of the best., The world needs more dark comedy-horror movies, Did they keep pushing this movie back? I swear it was supposed to come out a long time ago, also the marketing for this was so bad, there were like two other movies coming out that I kept getting it mixed up with, Saw this last week at an advanced screening.

Overall, it was a fun time. I think *Triangle of Sadness*' skewering of the classes was a little more thought out, but Ralph Fiennes *was* fantastic., As a line Cook","The ship from Event Horizon was pretty cracked. Just stone cold evil., Lil Z from City of God, boy was unhinged., Judge Doom. Sorry, sick bastard. RIP to that toon shoe., Monique from precious, Kevin Spacey in Seven, Miss Trunchbull in Matilda, Alex DeLarge  A Clockwork Orange (1971). Behind all the jolly circus-like atmosphere of the movie lies a completely unhinged protagonist. Dude was raping and murdering as a teen purely for the fun of it., The Child Catcher from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.","I wonder if this is going to be set in modern day or late 60s/early 70s, Details:

>Bradley Cooper has closed a deal to play the no-nonsense San Francisco cop in the new original Bullit story centered on the classic character famously played by Steven McQueen in the 1968 thriller, which is set up at Warner Bros. Cooper will also produce the pic along with Spielberg and his producing partner Kristie Macosko Krieger (marking their second collaboration after Maestro), with Josh Singer on board to pen the script. Steve McQueens son, Chad ","Is the mouldy orange a reference to [this photo of Dafoe](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/002/284/331/900.jpg) lmao?, INSIDE:

>Nemo (Willem Dafoe) is an art thief who becomes trapped in a penthouse apartment in Times Square after his latest heist goes awry., The pigeon is uncannily similar to Willem Dafoe, luckily the subtitle informed me he has not turned himself into a bird for the role., Is he doing his take on Bo Burnhams comedy special?, For those that don't know","Buncha muncha cruncha spoilers below (obviously), The end of Planes, Trains and Automobiles when you realize what's going on with John Candy's character, Big Daddy, when they're taking the kid away. ""But I wipe my own ass!"", Planes trains and Automobiles. John Candy reveals he has nowhere to go because his wife died years before and he simply never went ""home"" again. Steve Martin takes him to his house for Thanksgiving.","James Mangold: Ok Harrison, we gonna de-age you for a lil bit in this scene.

Harrison Ford: Uhh, I don't care., I look forward to seeing a 40-year-old Indy who moves like an 80-year-old for some reason., There are times I wonder if Hollywood will go full on ""Weekend at Bernies"" with popular enough actors, Only for flashbacks, I imagine., They will have to de-age his voice, although it would be funny to hear his 2022/23 (voice, tone and inflection), voice in a younger face., Hope they don't get that weird irishman look...old bodies with young skin","A Quiet Place Part 2 was good but my favourite part was the first 5 minutes so Im all for this, His amazing guitar solo is going to go even worse for him in this movie than it did in Stranger Things., Quiet Place Cinematic Universe confirmed., We need A Quiet Place 3 to watch us humans fight back. Logic and plot holes aside its still a pretty cool universe., Underrated part of this story is the director is the man who directed Pig, one of the best movies of last year., I liked the first one","I found the headline ambiguous. It means, ""In this film, these people condemn antisemitism"" not ""These people condemn the antisemitism in this film""., Such a terribly-worded title, In case you haven't clicked the article, the headline might be a little confusing. Silverman and Schwimmer appear in the documentary condemning antisemitism. They aren't not condemning an antisemitic documentary., But i can't trust him because David Baddiel sucks at tasks., Its great to see how minorities handle Dyscalculia., Hands up if you thought it meant the documentary was antisemitic","This kid has more work than a three legged man in a ass kicking factory, He's doing a horror movie next, Charles Leclerc vs Ferrari,  I think this could be really great for popularizing Bob and his music for a younger crowd but I really doubt a biopic of Bob Dylan can be pulled off. He really crammed so much into a few years and intentionally blurred the lines around what was true and what was fake., Im Not There is about a perfect Bob Dylan Biopic  youll ever get","One of my all time favorite actors. I know he can't do much on screen acting with his parkinson's but man I miss seeing him in action., He's such a beautiful person. Glad to see it never took his sense of humor, Fuck Parkinson's disease!!!, Beautiful human, tremendous fighter, great actor.  Very few Hollywood figures deserve the pedestal society puts them on.  He is one., I absolutely love the part where he tells his tremoring hand to stop it lol.  And then it fastens on his award and he goes ""not yet"".  Such a keen wit!, ""80s famous"" cracked me up. His speech was great","Escape From Gary. Kurt Russell gets stuck in the most depressing part of Indiana, trying to escape the rust belt., I didnt know who Radio Silence was and I thought this headline meant no director wanted to touch the project lol., I know a lot of people hate the term, but if this was a legacy sequel with Russell, I'd be in. If this is a straight-up restart of the continuity, where he's going on the New York mission for the very first time, I'm pretty meh on it.","This looks like The Sims' screenshots, Jessica Henwick looking like she just got off the set of The White Lotus S2, Yes but who plays the onion, Huh, they have a wild card and a loose cannon? So... uh 2x wild card? And neither of them seems to be Charlie., I am immediately suspicious of the ""Loyal Assistant""., Literally loading screen characters for GTA, These are so unsettling. The actors' airbrushed faces, the oversaturated cartoony backgrounds, the weird Harry Potter font that doesn't fit., My money is on Kathryn hahn","You should really not be allowed to be named Imogen Poots., The Shape of Water covered the three dimensions of space, now they are making the movie that covers the dimension of time., Stewart has been in the industry for a long time and has made several movies with great directors.  Im very enthused to see what she does behind the camera, Wow, good for her.  Reminds me of Jodie Foster.  Grew up in the industry as a big time star, was straight for a large portion of her career, came out and married a woman","Its pretty wild that Cameron has broken the most expensive movie record 3 times already, but this is just crazy., Costs the same as any other movie to me, so that's fine., Im shocked that the studio was willing to take that risk. I know Avatar was a huge hit, but its been a long time since that came out and movie theater attendance isnt exactly at its peak right now., I heard Cameron traveled all the way to Pandora which added to the cost., People forget that its also Hollywood Accounting. For instance","This movie will be legendary if we see him playing pinball, cleaning a bar, and defeating enemies., Cage is just like ""I'll make every movie."", What are the odds Nicolas Cage's character survives this movie?  1 in 50?, Please the the cageessaince weve all been waiting for, Just inject this right into my fucking veins!, A Murderfest Western, starring my boy Nicky Cage? Sign me the fuck up! Yeehaw!!!, After watching his last few movies","Wait, Paramount hired Hamada to be... *their Jason Blum?* 

did *not* see that one coming., Walter Hamada knows his horror very well so this is a smart appointment. 

I had Paramount+ and while I liked what they had, they're definitely in need of more content., I really hope DC continues this path of, at least on the surface, getting things together. It would be good for everyone if there was any level of cohesiveness regarding the path of their films.

James Gunn being in his new role does make me wonder what will be canon going forward such as Peacemaker or Suicide Squad","The most effective scare in the whole film was a nice gentle pan revealing something. I wish they could have done more stuff like that., Does a jump scare require a sudden loud sound? It's the sound that bugs me... because that alone jolts the viewer, even if we are watching a blank screen or some puppies playing. For example, in The Exorcist when they show Pazuzu briefly, the sound is low but it's still shocking and effective.  But does that qualify as a jump scare?, 9/10 times slow pans, having something creep into the background, or slow","James Coburn is great in it., Loved this and Payback., Loved the twists and turns towards the end after the card game. I genuinely didn't expect them and the movie as a whole was really fun.

Also loved the nod to Lethal Weapon in the beginning when a masked bandit Danny Glover robs the bank., Great movie, great cast and a wholesome ending, Graham Greene as the native leader is perfect., I heard that Meg Ryan had a contract to play the female lead","This movie sealed the deal when she pulled a cool-aid man stunt and beat a man with his own arm. Classic., This is ridiculous. A lot of the film is set in Mr Plinkett's basement, so there's no way they can give an unbiased review., I really liked the humor that was sprinkled in, like when Justin Long is measuring the sub basement and completely ignoring the obvious signs that something is very wrong., I enjoyed it. 

Was it what I expected going in? No, not really. But it was a very enjoyable experience and was, for the most part, pretty original overall","Reeves in front of the camera and Hill behind it.  Thats a hell of an interesting pairing, Im excited to see what they cook up, No plot details yet, with Hill writing and directing:

>Plot details are being kept under wraps but expect this project to garner a ton of attention given the players involved. The package is expected to hit market before holiday break with several studios and streamers already hoping to get a chance to bid on the hot property., I'm interested in what he does after Mid-90s, which I loved but felt very inspired by his own life., Jesus","Its a fantastic ending, and I still completely hate it., Always remember:

Before you make any big decision, just wait 5 minutes., Even Stephen King said movie's ending was better., Dale and Carol were great in this episode., Darabont:

>""Hey, I love a happy ending just as much as anybody. It's satisfying. I get a happy ending","Im in for anything that involves Pedro Pascal, but Walton Goggins as well? What a treat., You had me at Walton Goggins, We dug beskar together., I refuse to click on the article so I can maintain my STRONG BELIEF that they are remaking 1987's [The Uninvited](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096341/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_3) with Pedro Pascal as the cat and Goggins as the parasite inside his mouth killing people., I'll see anything with Baby Billy., 4 faces, 3 names, not in order of appearance. 

Mildly infuriating., Goggins is severely under appreciated. Vice Principals was incredible.","I keep reading his name as Yann Damage and Im mildly bummed it isnt., Nothing personal with the new director. Just a general statement. 

Please dont ruin Blade. Please dont ruin Blade., Marvel's Blade: the movie that may or may not exist, This is random but I find it strange that the director of the original movie basically retired after pretty much just making Blade and League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.  Maybe unpopular but I liked the original better than the sequel, while acknowledging Del Toro did great with 2 as well, Good hire","I'm a horror fan.  I'll try any movie in the genre and consequently I've seen some bad stuff over the years.  This one stands out in my memory as one of the worst I've ever seen., You had me at Vincent DOnofrio, Loved Vincent in The Cell. Hope it gets a 4K Blu Ray one day, 2.7 user rating and 29 metacritic score on IMDB. Woof, This movie is legitimately fucking awful. It has a 2.7 on IMDB lmao...I swear some of yall have truly awful taste. There's no other explanation for recommending this movie., If the person writing this article actually knew anything about the movie","Nathan Fillion is in Saving Private Ryan as the other Private Ryan. I just realized that a few years ago., I consistently forget that Michael Shannon is in Groundhog Day, Tom Hardy in Band of Brothers and Black Hawk Down., Jason Statham showing up in character as the Transporter at the very beginning of Collateral is one I did not notice at all when I first saw the movie., Honestly he's not even really an actor, but seeing Flea pop up in so many things is just funny to me

Big Lebowski especially. But he's also Donny from Wild Thornberrys","Uncut Gems. The grips of addiction., Donnie Darco is a great movie. Its not an accurate portrayal of schizophrenia.they dont just imagine entire weeks., I thought Nightcrawler depicted ASPD incredibly well., Flight is best portrayal of alcoholism I have ever seen, Kirsten Dunst in Melancholia was the most accurate and relatable depiction of depression that Id seen, The Father - dementia, Lars von Trier made a mental illness trilogy. Antichrist is psychosis, Melancholia is depression, and Nymphomaniac is bipolar (Vol. I is mania and Vol. II is depression).",">INSIDE tells the story of Nemo, an art thief trapped in a New York penthouse after his heist doesnt go as planned. Locked inside with nothing but priceless works of art, he must use all his cunning and invention to survive. 

Starring Willem Dafoe. In theaters March 10th., Willem Dafoe  characters that are bat shit crazy, 10 bucks the ending reveals that he was set up to rob this place, and that him being locked up in there is actually an art project in itself.","> And this months subscriber cover finds Indy in 1960s-era New York City, bathed in golden light, an image inspired by the film and illustrated exclusively for Empire by Sam Hadley.

1960s New York? Truly the scariest place Indy has ever visited., I have to say, for a guy who has just turned 80 he seems to be doing very well for himself. Especially when it comes to still being able to manage doing a role like this","What does ""shin"" mean?, Glad I found this post.  Absolutely loved Shin Godzilla.  Hope this one measures up., watched it. honestly as an ultraman fan, it's a really interesting take on the origin of ultraman. you just have to try to forget everything you know about ultraman before you watch it., Yes. Its about fucking time., Heck just found out about this movie a few days ago., I watched this recently. I liked Shin Godzilla. The first hour of Shin Ultraman was good, but it was very hard to get through the second hour. Perhaps because I didnt watch the older shows/movies","She got them Pixar Hips., Ah yes, a *heat*-cute., The song is Hell N Back by Bakar for anyone curious, What a calm trailer. A Lo-fi movie to study to., I'm really disliking this trend of over designing futuristic or fantasy cities/metropolis.

It just starts looking like noise., Im hype but this is from the director of The Good Dinosaur, so I will remain skeptical and lower my expectations. Please be good, >The story introduces Ember, a tough, quick-witted and fiery young woman, whose friendship with a fun, sappy","Is the regular 3D version of the movie automatically in a high frame rate? I read that this movie will be shown that way, but I'm not sure if it's an option, or the only way of seeing it., ...why wasn't this the *normal* poster two, again? So, **SO** much better than the floating heads mess that most people wound up seeing., Movie is 3 hours 15 minutes long. I have to wear special equipment for it and at a frame rate Im not used to. Im starting my training now.","My favorite movie of his, and I think John Williams' best score., This flick is my favorite Spielberg movie, my favorite Dreyfuss role, and on my top ten list!, BaaaaAAAaaaARrrRRRYyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!, Dawson Leary wrote this article., Crazy jump in production size from Jaws, James Lipton nailed it.  ""Your father worked on computers.  Your mother was a musician.  In Close Encounters when the humans speak with the aliens, how do they do it?""

Spielberg: ""You've answered your own question.  Thank you for that.  I'd love to say that I planned it.""","Julia Roberts and Nick Nolte famously hated working together on I Love Trouble and it shows., *In Time*.  Timberlake's got Amanda Seyfried right there and he looks like he might do her nails, if she asked nicely., Wow, I saw the headline and jumped in to vote for Maid in Manhattan.  OP beat me to it., Daniel Radcliffe and Bonnie Wright in Harry Potter. Its a huge discomfort for Potter fans everywhere. It was BAD., Cara delevigne, Dane dehaan, on valerian

Unless they rewrite the love plot as incest","**The Thing** by John Carpenter., Casino, John Carpenter's The Thing., In Bruges, Young Frankenstein, Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. 
You mean he never told you the tale? To amuse your captain no?, Labyrinth, Robocop, Terminator 2: Judgment Day., Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King

Whenever that falls into doubt I just watch the ride of the Rohirrim again., Goodfellas, Best in Show, The Incredibles


A truly great story about a man coming to grips with his own weaknesses and shortcomings as a person","As long as the soundtrack is a banger, For the love of god, please have this take place in the 80s. Its so core to the Streets of Rage aesthetic and fits with the increase of crime in the 80s. Dont mess this up like Jem and the Holograms! 

Im so happy though!, If you havent seen it before, check out *Streets of Fire* (1984). Walter Hill directed movie that was the inspiration for the 1989 arcade game *Final Fight* (which was the biggest inspiration for SEGA to put together *Streets of Rage*","Tyler cooking his shitty meal was like me every time I get my Hello Fresh box.

I am also, incidentally, from Grand Island, Nebraska., ""My eyes are bigger than my stomach. Can I get to rest to go?""

Well played.","Lebron James and MJ in the Space Jam series.
Also Bill Murray in Space Jam for some reason., Elton John, Kingsman 2, Kevin Garnett in uncut gems, Everyone in ""This is the end"", Arnold Schwarzenegger in 

Last Action Hero., Bill Murray in Zombieland, Nicholas Cage In 'The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent', Most of these are from the last decade, give or take, so Im going to throw out something old school.

Frank Sinatra in Cannonball Run II., Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in Airplane, Not a movie","I love everything about Olivia Coleman., Fleabag!!, I loved her in Broadchurch. Such a good show with David Tennant., She was slammin that thang down in this one., The story of this movie may be lackluster, but GOD Olivia goes for it. Shes an absolute powerhouse., That website is hideous., Green wing is one of my favourite roles of hers, the manic forgetful stressed out frumpy mum, Same. Shes an amazing actress. Its wonderful to see how far shes come and I love how many actors that worked with her along the way agree that she deserves all her success., she's really good in Fleabag","The novel mentions this detail as well.

> They had almost finished their cigarettes when a long low black car turned into 30th Street from Ninth Avenue and cruised toward them, very close to the curb. It almost stopped. Michael peered to see their faces inside, his body flinching involuntarily. The car seemed about to stop, then speeded forward. Somebody had recognized him. Michael gave Enzo another cigarette and noticed that the bakers hands were shaking. To his surprise his own hands were steady.","> In step with domestic, Walt Disney Animation Studios Strange World will make its offshore theatrical debut this week, and is eyeing an overseas **start in the $21M-$29M range**. Thats lower than where a new animated movie from Disney might normally kick off, **but the studio has taken a voluntary pass on more than 20 markets, choosing not to submit the film in countries where its LGBTQ+ content would have very likely forced demands for edits.**


> This includes **all of the Middle East, China, Malaysia, Indonesia, Pakistan, Turkey, Vietnam, East Africa (Tanzania, Uganda, Kenya)","You should make one about how a file, or video stream, has gone missing, and calling it ""BUFFERING""

It can be a lampoon of existing material., Can't wait! I really hope this continues the alien invasion subplot of Searching lol, Like Searching and this looks just as good!

Just one thing though, I saw it says only in theaters January 20, Wouldnt it be more profitable to have it in theaters for more than one day, So excited for this - I still maintain the Searching should have been considered for Oscars, at least Best Film Editing and Best Actor for John Cho.","The Truman Show and Master and Commander are both favorites of mine. 

The Truman Show is one that I wish was even longer. I want even more time to show the lengths they go to preserve the illusion. Carrey gets to flex both his comedic and dramatic muscles. I love his line delivery of ""you never had a camera in my head."" Perfect ending. 

Master and Commander is an absolute marvel of filmmaking. The level of realism achieved is astounding. It's so unfortunate we didn't get follow up films. Crowe and Bettany work perfectly together., Witness is an absolute gem of a film","Not forgotten, I watch it every few years.  Loved it as a kid.   

You left out that Dutch is trying to show the kid how to survive/get home without falling back on his family's fortune, as the kid is a spoiled rich brat who's dad bailed on him for Thanksgiving.  Unbeknownst to the kid, Dutch is a self made wealthy man.","Ebert's list:

1. Minority Report

2. City of God

3. Adaptation

4. Far From Heaven

5. 13 Conversations About One Thing

6. Y Tu Mam Tambin

7. Invincible

8. Spirited Away

9. All Or Nothing

10. The Quiet American, Roeper's list:

1. Gangs Of New York

2. 25th Hour

3. Minority Report

4. Y Tu Mam Tambin

5. Adaptation

6. Signs

7. Rabbit-Proof Fence

8. About Schmidt

9. One Hour Photo

10. About A Boy, Also","Its always crazy to me when you get to the point when a sequel to a kids movie is made when the demographic wasnt alive when the previous came out.

People who *grew up* with the first Shrek will be bringing their kids to this, Smashmouth is officially back in the Shrek Cinematic Universe, I repeat Smashmouth is officially back in the SCU., They used All-Star. There's no way Shrek doesn't show up for at least a cameo right, That wishing star is somehow gonna reboot the Shrek Cinematic Universe, isnt it?","I know were near land!

Thats great Captain Ron! Tell everyone how you know that.

When we left, we had just enough fuel to make it to San Juan, and now, we are out of fuel!, I went to grade school with the kid who played Ben... whose real name is also Ben. It was during the time they filmed this, because he was out of school for the first few months of that year. When he came back he was all smiles and said it was a great experience. Said Kurt Russel and Martin Short were super cool to work with","I think he absolutely deserved it, but comic book movie bias would have kept him from getting the award.  No matter how great he was, they'd have figured they could kick the can down the road for when he inevitably did a more artsy project., No, but not because he didn't deserve it. It was a brilliant and oscar worthy performance.

The thing is, Hollywood just so rarely gives Oscars for action movies... and i think the awards are typically about much more than whos the best actor, there are a lot of politics involved.

So not sure., I think he was the best thing about the movie.","Fresh Orson just dropped babe, Welles said this was his best film., Honestly didn't know of this film until now but I'm interested., Now wondering about a blu-ray release date., Good film., Underrated film, probably mostly because it has been hard to find a decent copy anywhere. Been wanting to add it to my collection for many years. The restoration looks gorgeous. I will buy a 4K UHD day one., Inarguably a great film, Anthony Perkins gives his best performance here.

But the ending is flat out dreadful, still, even with that to note, it's a masterpiece, nonetheless.","My favorite movie of all time. The book is good too--similar humor and meta-ish-ness. But the movie is truly something special., ""No more rhyming! And I mean it!""

""Anybody want a peanut?""

Kills me, every time., Fezzig - tear his arms off

OH you mean THIS key, I just finished reading _As You Wish: Inconceivable Tales from the Making of The Princess Bride_ by Cary Elwes.  Its fantastic.  I highly recommend it to fans of the movie.","""We can't have Mushu because it doesn't fit the tone we're going for""


> has lady that literally turns into a bird at will, TL:DW

Animated one better., This is one of the only movies I've ever watched that genuinely upset me because of how much I hated it haha. It upset me so much that I still think about how upsetting it was 2 years later!! I would love to talk to the people in charge of writing and making this movie to ask them wtf they thought they were doing","I'm always excited for a new David Leitch film., Sigh, I was thinking of the John Scalzi book., Oh so it's not a Star Trek movie from the perspective of a guy that dies right away? Bummer., Red. So hot right now., Channing is going to die  at the very beginning of the movie, right?, Is this like a sex thing?, fuck yeah more leitch AND more tatum. both at once got me hyped, This better be a POV film about a day in the life of a new Enterprise employee..., I misread this as David Lynch and was weirdly super excited., Channing Taint-Yum, > Deadline has found little about the movie","This line on the Facebook post is gutwrenching:

""I could tell he feared going down again. He was working too feverishly. I asked Whats the rush? He said 'If I stop, thats it.'"", Man he's such a wonderful low-budget director. I have fond memories of watching Cyborg, Nemesis, Heatseeker, hell even Hong Kong 1997 and a bunch of others, sure they're campy as hell but he brought such a special charm to all of those films. Nemesis in particular is one of my all time favorites. Really heartbreaking to hear about this, I have the DVD of ""The Sword & The Sorcerer""","Film wise her biggest role was probably being the female lead in Jeepers Creepers 2., Just been watching supernatural and recognised the name. I enjoyed her performance as Meg Masters, she stole every scene she was in. Very sad., Awww no :(, Oh no! She was the best Meg :( RIP, Gone too soon, shout out to her role in Over There as an underseen gem, Jeepers creepers where'd you get them peepers","There are seventeen Tom and Jerry movies, seriously?, This post is what makes reddit great., Tom and Jerry: The Movie (1992) was directed and produced by Michael Winner, who also directed Death Wish (1974 - he also directed two sequels) I highly recommend watching both back to back for an unforgettable *Winner* of a movie night., I own and have seen all of these but the 2022 ones. I think you are being very generous on your ratings. Id knock about 2 points off each","What a wild trilogy this ended up becoming.

**The domestic drug drama** (with stripping)

**The feel-good buddy-bonding road trip** (so much stripping)

**The romantic broadway comedy** (where stripping becomes stage show)

So, I guess the question becomes, which trilogy is *the definitive* Soderbergh trilogy? This, or the Ocean's films?

(yes, I know that technically Soderbergh did not direct XXL. But he was there, he helped shoot and edit the thing...), Him going to London to put on a major musical is like Fast and the Furious going from DVD players to space","The B-plot about the prince and his family in *Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead*, Jurassic Park III. Way more interested in how that kid survived alone on a dinosaur island for weeks than whatever we got., The opening montage of Wolverine: Origins would have been a far better movie than what they went with..., In the newest Matrix movie, they allude to a civil war among the machines in which some of the machines side with the humans. Now that sounds like a sick story. Certainly juicier than what we got out of Resurrection, imo., Finn a defected stormtrooper and force sensitive","One of the giants, Great director. RIP, Literally never heard of this guy before. Should I have seen anything he made?, I misread this as radical French dictator, Really depends on the kind of movies you watch. Straub-Huillet (he made a lot of work with his partner Daniele Huillet, who passed in 2006) have quite a few champions and followers in arthouse circles, but I dont think any of their movies have more than 1,5k views on IMDB. *Class Relations* and *Sicily!* are good intro's to their work.","I recently watched The Witches and The Addams Family movies for the first time, and I absolutely loved her performances. She was wonderful in these movies., Loving the continuity of this Wick-verse. Crazy to think this franchise kicked off because some douche killed a dog. Don't fuck with Babayaga., I would have been most disappointed if she wasnt in it, given that Im sure the training was done at her ballet school., Will her name be Paloma?, Go watch the Royal Tenenbaums and Life Aquatic. She was great in those as well.","The songs were alright but no hook for me like 'happy working song'.

The cast were very good. Wish they gave James Marsden and idina menzel a subplot of their own, Prince Edward the Himbo <3, ""I'll stay behind. I'm busy filming Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Westworld, and Dead To Me."", A critic to the first one was that how did you have Idina Menzel in a musical and not have her sing.

They fixed that., My god, the trio of Maya Rudolph, Yvette Nicole Brown, and Jayma Mays as a conniving HOA board head is such a ridiculous yet brilliant plot choice. They all killed it."," I thought this was a prequel to the movie The Descendants with George Clooney. I was very lost., ROTTEN TO THE CORE, Oh the girl playing her daughter I can actually buy as being a combination of Brandy and Paolo Montalban's DNA., Wait what? I thought brandy dies before the pandemic., Thats were my mind went. Thats the movie that earned Dean Pelton from Community an Oscar., My mind went to the descent so no judgements here, Yeah","I really enjoy the movie, but unlike you wrote, Bruce Campbell is not in the movie, his scenes were cut. Just a small detail., Its Mortal Kombat, the Western. Its tremendous., Enjoyable for what it is. Silly at times., ""Two with my left and two with my right.  You see, the truth is I am just as good with either.""

Great movie with an incredible cast.","I have just stopped watching them entirely, the most enjoyable experience going to the movies I have had in years was when I just recently went in blind with no expectations, I remember the Last judge Dredd movie 2012 showed the final boss kill in the trailer. Whole time I'm watching the movie I kept thinking ""no way that's how she dies""., Agreed. Gives us the general setup. E.g. ex-cop has to clear his name, teenagers get lost in the woods - but they're not alone, a storm is threatening to destroy X city, etc. Show some hero shots and vague cuts to set the tone. But giving entire plot points","Sexy Beast.

I thought light comedy.

I got dark af Ben Kingsley, he genuinely got in my head, Nightcrawler is not an X-men movie., Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. I thought it was going to be a globe trotting adventure of seeking exotic animals in the wild for study, but instead it was a few animals in a suitcase that get out in the city then get retrieved., I don't know about hilarious but I thought John Carter was an american president or some other historical figure I had not heard about","If I had a nickel for every time indigenous girls took on an alien, I'd have two nickels., I thought the film was a bit weak and spotty overall, but it is *very* likeable/charming and there are some great creature moments.

*The Thing*, y'know, for kids., It was a decent movie, but unfortunatley I enjoyed it more because it was filmed in a community near where I live., People are gonna be calling it ""SlashslashBack""., Prey + Attack the Block sounds like a great idea, but this movie looks pretty bad.","Lots of Brian De Palma movies like Dressed To Kill or Carrie cause they are technically amazing but very genre trashy., Peewee's Big Adventure, Mean Girls - it made the teen movie genre smart again, its unbelievably quotable, the casting is perfect, its very well written with a perfect 3 act structure, and its aged pretty well overall. My wife and I watch it probably once a year and we always find at least one new thing to laugh at., By Grabthar's hammer, it's Galaxy Quest!, I firmly believe that Who Framed Roger Rabbit? is one of the 10 best movies ever made","I watched this the other day and it had a profound effect on me too. It felt really honest, raw and emotional at parts. 

I've always shyed away from therapy as the model of speaking to a neutral person who takes a backseat and asks a variation of ""and how did that make you feel"" and just allows you to talk about your past and issues without giving any real actionable feedback, reality checks or advice has never really worked for or appealed to me. I want someone to take the reigns and say ""listen you idiot","I watched this the other day and it had a profound effect on me too. It felt really honest, raw and emotional at parts. 

I've always shyed away from therapy as the model of speaking to a neutral person who takes a backseat and asks a variation of ""and how did that make you feel"" and just allows you to talk about your past and issues without giving any real actionable feedback, reality checks or advice has never really worked for or appealed to me. I want someone to take the reigns and say ""listen you idiot","Yoinking ideas without permission used to be a regular occurrence in the Indian film industry, especially when it came to music.

https://www.copycatlist.com/en/copycats

Also, the language spoken in Kerala is Malayalam. Malawi is a country in East Africa.","Hearing exciting things about Pip the Squirrel, Popular/good actors don't make a movie good. They help, that's about it, Wandavision (Giselle's version)., I enjoyed the film. I think if you watch the first 30 minutes, youd think its a bad direct-to-digital film but after a specific point in the film when the twist happens, its really good. Also, I dont know why there isnt a discussion thread on it since its out this week., They should have get Adele Dazeem, it would be a hit., Amy Adams,  you need a new agent. Bad movie after bad movie.",">This is about as close to how it looked in camera on the day they rolled film.

Well, except for the giant CGI dinosaur..., It was always fun back in the 80's and 90's when VHS tapes had ""fullscreen"" versions of the movies which used the open matte footage to fill the 4:3 tv aspect ratio - and boom mics would often be showing throughout movies.

There was even ""mistakes"" in movies such as Predator, where you would see Carl Weathers' real arm poking out from under his jacket, underneath the fake arm (partially shot off). Widescreen versions fixed these of course.","i'm almost certain it was made into a website..., Was this written after Bogie had passed?, It doesn't take much to see that the problems of three little people don't amount to a spill of skeet in this crazy world., Hump-me Bogart to star, Ive read two written sequels to Casablanca (published, not AO3 or something) - one where Rick and Ilsa and Victor go on a spy mission in Czechoslovakia, and another where Rick and Louis enjoy a quiet relationship while working with the Resistance branch in Brazzaville. Neither were very interesting. It just ended so perfectly","People really need to watch Limbo

Its like Se7en + Prisoners, I eagerly await who will win the Beijing Film Festival's coveted Crying Monkey Award, Where I can see it?, What year?, just saw the trailer, looks intense!
Been waiting for an HK film renaissance, On a screen, , https://letterboxd.com/film/limbo-2021/

https://youtu.be/8a4HCl12cNw, Came here to say pretty sure Ive seen the movie and all its other sequels., Here's coming on you, kid, Lol funny this is the one comment on this thread. I thought the exact same thing when I was saw the title.","People really need to watch Limbo

Its like Se7en + Prisoners, I eagerly await who will win the Beijing Film Festival's coveted Crying Monkey Award, Where I can see it?, What year?, just saw the trailer, looks intense!
Been waiting for an HK film renaissance, On a screen, , https://letterboxd.com/film/limbo-2021/

https://youtu.be/8a4HCl12cNw, Came here to say pretty sure Ive seen the movie and all its other sequels., Here's coming on you, kid, Lol funny this is the one comment on this thread. I thought the exact same thing when I was saw the title.","Enter The Void., Melancholia., Naked Lunch, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas,  Brazil, Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind., > Under the Skin is a 2013 science fiction film directed by Jonathan Glazer and written by Glazer and Walter Campbell, loosely based on the 2000 novel by Michel Faber. It stars _Scarlett Johansson_ as an otherworldly woman who preys on men in Scotland.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Under_the_Skin_(2013_film), Funny Games always make me feel uncomfortable for days after. I love it but I'm always off afterwards.

Highly recommended., Eraserhead","Nicolas cage as a cowboy? Im sold!, Western John Wick, with Nic Cage. Doesn't look amazing, but doesn't look bad, You had me at nick Cage, Excited for this and Butchers Crossing, Hey there pardner around these parts the rumor is I can eat a peach for hours., If it says Nicholas Cage, I'm in.

That he didn't win the academy award for Pig shows you what a pile of shit that is., Wow, Clint Howard has fourth billing in the credits? 

That can't possibly be a good sign, right?, this looks horrible, can't wait to see it., I'm a simple man","**The Banshees of Inisherin** (2022)  

Toed the line of devastating and hilarious. Phenomenal acting, storyline, and beautifully shot. The allegory of the Irish Civil War was a brilliant choice of setting and time period as well. 

If you enjoyed the Gleeson - Farrell - McDonagh trios *In Bruges*,  then I believe youll love this film. That being said, the supporting cast is what shifted this film from a good one to a great one. Condon and Keoghan especially shined as the voice of reason and comedic relief, respectively, while also bringing a complexity to those tropes as these well-rounded","Revolutionary Road, The Lovely Bones, Come and See., Synecdoche, NY. Let's just say it's not a great first date movie..., Gone Baby Gone. I seriously had to step outside for a few minutes afterwards considering if the right decisions were made in the end., Requiem for a Dream. We had a whole evening of movies planned with a a group of friends and we all decided to just go home after watching that one., The Green Mile

An outstanding movie that deserves every praise and award it gets. But I'm never watching it again., The Mist. I won't clarify.","Michael J Fox will always be my favorite actor. Seeing him in ""secret of my success"", ""teen wolf"", ""back to the future"" and one I can't name (where he wanted to be a hotel owner), all left me feeling good. I wish that man nothing but good., The Lovely Bones, Come and See., Synecdoche, NY. Let's just say it's not a great first date movie..., Gone Baby Gone. I seriously had to step outside for a few minutes afterwards considering if the right decisions were made in the end.","Fantastic to see that comedy group come together and create another Reno911 project., Without a doubt the best gag they ever did was the horrific aftermath of a clown-car crash.  They just kept pulling bodies from the car.  Endless, countless bodies., Ill watch it for sure. Ive been enjoying these quick n dirty Reno films., Definitely will check this out. Been enjoying the ""new"" season of Reno on Comedy Central the past couple of months. Still funny as hell., You had me at Terry and tugjobs, I'm so happy Terry's back it's not even ridiculous, HUMAN CENTIPEDE TITANIC! HUMAN CENTIPEDE TITANIC!","Lets see if it can pick up the coveted Beijing Film Festival Crying Monkey Award., Looking forward to watching this one.  Todd Field has been great so far.  Little Children really knocked me out.  It's been a long wait for his follow-up., [deleted], Can't say I was crazy about the story or as crazy about Cate Blanchett's performance as most people seem to be (still a good performance though) but this was an absolutely gorgeous film visually, and had probably the best sound design in any film I've seen., Whys the title about Todd field when it was Florian Hoffmeister that won the award?","I think Escape is the best sequel, but I love the ballsiness of this one., I like the ending. Taylor saying fuck you to the apes and blowing up the planet, There's also some religious commentary in there, as the mutants worshipped the very bomb that altered them., Fun fact Taylor one hundred percent missed hitting the switch and on the zoom in you see an old mans hand an entirely different blood streak on the hand, It was the times. Cold War, race for the bomb years earlier, talk of nuclear war in social culture. Isaac Asimov comes to mind. Rod Sterling of The Twilight Zone.","So let me get this straight, her brother was molesting her and then died. So the mother who was super religious was letting her daughter fast until death so the brother could get to heaven? But also baby-birding her small amounts of food?, The use of color was quite interesting. Everyone else is so purposefully drab, while Lib (blue, pink/red toward the end) and Anna (white, yellow/pink, red at the end) are the only characters given any sort of color., I really enjoyed the story arc between Lib and Will! Seeing them both let down their walls for each other was beautiful. Her compassion","Allow this woman to rest, She doesn't resemble Whitney even remotely. I call this lazy casting, Should have cast [Debra Wilson ](https://youtu.be/p2FnunslP1E) and be done with it., Thank goodness, they're casting an African American woman to portray Whitney Houston, I was scared that they would cast a white woman. They have been whitewashing a lot of characters, I'm admit I don't watch a lot of movies","Uh, No., > 2016 remake of Magnificent Seven is better than it has any right to be.

I saw that, and got ready to argue

> A solid 7/10

Yeah that's fair.

It's a movie I wish was better, but meh. It serves its purpose., I wish that they had taken all that talent and made a new western, because if I want to watch the Magnificent Seven","Just as a heads up, the word you want is discernible, *From Justin to Kelly*. Like, what was even the point of making that film?, My Spy is like this. You would think it's a kids movie like the Pacifier, but it's a surprisingly violent PG-13 action film that also is goofy and co-stars a 9 year old girl., Pitch Perfect 3 randomly decides to be some kind of heist movie., The Phantom Menace goes from banal discussions about trade routes in one scene to slapstick humour directed at small children in the next., It's Pat","Jordan Poole is a great filmmaker. Sadly for him, nothing can beat Key & Peele ;), *From Justin to Kelly*. Like, what was even the point of making that film?, My Spy is like this. You would think it's a kids movie like the Pacifier, but it's a surprisingly violent PG-13 action film that also is goofy and co-stars a 9 year old girl., Pitch Perfect 3 randomly decides to be some kind of heist movie., The Phantom Menace goes from banal discussions about trade routes in one scene to slapstick humour directed at small children in the next., It's Pat","Wild Zero is a Japanese zombie movie that had a drinking game built into the DVD., *Wild Zero* is such a great ride from start to finish., something else you might have missed...his name isn't Jack, in the credits he's just referred to as Narrator, To me the movie is the story of a guy who blames his feminine side for his lonely and empty life, and so he adopts a toxic masculine persona instead. This turns out to be horribly destructive, and in the end he comes to terms with the feminine side and is a healthy whole., >Interestingly, and not a coincidence","Clooneys best performance imo., My favourite use of ""X days earlier"" in a movie.

Exceptional script and performances.

Tony Gilroy was recently on Marc Maron's podcast and they talked about it a bunch which was interesting., ""You're so fucked"", Clooney is the master of the slow burner with few lines, just incredible physical acting.

Similar feeling to his movies [Syriana](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0365737/) and [The American](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1440728)., There's so many ways the movie is good but honestly, villain Tilda is number one. She's a terrifying woman.","Seinfeld, The Lobster is what youre after., Robocop is a satire about capitalism, America's love for violence and aggressive police tactics, and our greedy political system.   
  
Night of the Living Dead speaks volumes about racism, ans Dawn of the Dead is about our brain-dead consumerism., Office Space., Curb Your Enthusiasm, The matrix, - The Lobster
- Sorry to Bother You 
- The Truman Show 
- Stepford Wives
- Promising Young Woman, Fight Club,. Nomad, The Immaculate Conception of Little Dizzle, Monty Python - Life of Brian or Holy Grail both work!","The Last Exorcism?, The last exorcism maybe?, Robocop is a satire about capitalism, America's love for violence and aggressive police tactics, and our greedy political system.   
  
Night of the Living Dead speaks volumes about racism, ans Dawn of the Dead is about our brain-dead consumerism., Office Space., Curb Your Enthusiasm, The matrix, - The Lobster
- Sorry to Bother You 
- The Truman Show 
- Stepford Wives
- Promising Young Woman, Fight Club,. Nomad, The Immaculate Conception of Little Dizzle, Monty Python - Life of Brian or Holy Grail both work!","The Last Exorcism?, The last exorcism maybe?, Robocop is a satire about capitalism, America's love for violence and aggressive police tactics, and our greedy political system.   
  
Night of the Living Dead speaks volumes about racism, ans Dawn of the Dead is about our brain-dead consumerism., Office Space., Curb Your Enthusiasm, The matrix, - The Lobster
- Sorry to Bother You 
- The Truman Show 
- Stepford Wives
- Promising Young Woman, Fight Club,. Nomad, The Immaculate Conception of Little Dizzle, Monty Python - Life of Brian or Holy Grail both work!","Mr. and Mrs. Smith

At the time, I thought the chemistry and antics and sheer movie starriness of Pitt and Jolie was like a balm to my soul, a return to the Hollywood of old, but I later realized it was more of a lucky accident that came together due to superb editing and that its success could not be duplicated., Galaxy Quest, Master and Commander. It's such a comprehensive window on that ""wooden little world"" that a sequel, (especially without Peter Weir), couldn't really add much more., Although there are 2 sequel films","Its been a trend for major studios to weaponize some fans to defend a bad movie by saying the film is particularly admirable (Its an all-black cast! Its a female superhero! The key-grip speaks Tagalog!) or by framing all criticism of a film as being made by racists, bigots, manbabies or whatever.

I see youre already getting that in this thread. Speaking as a liberal who marches, protests, and works in a union, its really depressing seeing so many people getting hoodwinked by soulless bullion-dollar corporations into thinking theyre defending progressivism., Which movie hurt you?","[removed], Amazon uk should have the movies but then comes the question of regional restrictions, Yahaar, the seas be salty and dry., >	if your ISP allows them

Fuck that. Use a VPN. Cloudfare Warp is great and free to use., I got in trouble for my earlier comment, 30 days, I only got out on parole due to good behavior and I showed remorse

I am a changed man now, I will never sail the high seas again

If you want to watch the Asterix movies, I recommend using Amazon, some of them are even free if you have a Prime membership

I spent a lot of time in boarding school, and for a while","I understand capitalism blah blah blah, but it feels like a fucking crime. 2 billion dollars worth of storytelling people stayed up late and busted their asses to make, and it gets dumped in the abyss to feed a spreadsheet. Just obscene., Interesting business strategy for Warner Brothers, making movies then never showing them to anyone, ZaslavThe Destroyer sounds like a great DC villain, Imagine if they actually made good movies. People would pay them money so they could continue making good movies., I dream of better contents that I can let go for 100k.","Yasujiru Ozu movies., Wes Anderson films perhaps., Hard to be a God

Jaques Tati and Robert Altman movies, *Yi Yi* (2000), Dance and martial arts films.","Grave Encounters and this make a wicked double feature, Wes Anderson films perhaps., Hard to be a God

Jaques Tati and Robert Altman movies, *Yi Yi* (2000), Dance and martial arts films.","I watched Deadstream last week, and that was pretty fun., Was it ever?, I wouldn't say the film I personally directed was scary scary..

But it involved physical special effects with a found footage aesthetic.. and honestly, you get more scared performing with the actor than editing the frights. Just being in a dark room knowing that you're going to have to create something that most audiences will not expect.. while at the same time.. knowing every audience will brace for every boo sound, cat, man in the mask..

I think it's that the actress made the fear real","I watched Deadstream last week, and that was pretty fun., Was it ever?, I wouldn't say the film I personally directed was scary scary..

But it involved physical special effects with a found footage aesthetic.. and honestly, you get more scared performing with the actor than editing the frights. Just being in a dark room knowing that you're going to have to create something that most audiences will not expect.. while at the same time.. knowing every audience will brace for every boo sound, cat, man in the mask..

I think it's that the actress made the fear real","He actually refuses to support Copshop.  Him and Frank basically claim Butler hijacked the movie and they have distanced themselves from it.  

I have never seen a better movie in my life that a director and star want nothing or little to deal with, He was supposed to make a gritty 1970s set version of Daredevil some years ago before the MCU took over everything. Would have loved to have seen that., Carnahan has a reputation for clashing with major studio heads (he even wrote a scathing","No. Your friends are right, this is indeed very odd behaviour.

But that's OK, watching movies and TV is supposed to be entertainment, so if you personally find it most entertaining when you read along with a plot summary, then you should totally do that., Nope. Defeats the purpose. Watch it first, then read about it., ive done this for a few movies before when it feels like im missing something and i wondered if i just zoned out. i usually wait until the end though, This is unusual I guess, but I would disagree with your friends. If the only reason we watch things is to find out what happens","Gone With the Wind., Birth of a Nation, Grease, the whole ""changing yourself for a guy"" thing (I've seen defenders saying Danny was going to change too but putting on a single article of clothing versus changing your entire look/personality....not sure it's entirely even). For a guy who honestly kind of sucks at the end of the day. 

I petition Cry-Baby replace Grease in esteem., Pretty much anything John Wayne did after 1930, Godfather 3 is a very good film. It's just not as good as the two that came before it. But few films are to be fair., The Searchers, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance","Autumn Sonata is on HBO Max., Little Miss Sunshine, LotR: The Two Towers (Extended Edition)., Lost in yonkers., Ordinary People, August of Osage County, Interiors (1978)., Agreed. Dude is like a modern Andrew Davis., Wrath of Man fits into this same mold and was Jason Straham's best film in years","This is low hanging fruit, but the MCU posters are just so visually unappealing. And Im saying that as an MCU lover., The Batman. The first red poster with just Batman and the red chest logo was phenomenal, but then WB decided to release the poster with all the faces massed that was pretty horrible., The Departed, No Time to Die. The first poster was underwhelming, while the others were okay at best. Great movie, though!, The Dune poster is pretty subpar for such a great film","The Claude Rains Version, it's such an underrated movie, imo, It gets lumped with the Universal horror movies even though it doesn't feel like one. Claude Rains phantom performance is very underrated., The Departed, No Time to Die. The first poster was underwhelming, while the others were okay at best. Great movie, though!, The Dune poster is pretty subpar for such a great film","It's super awesome when you guys *name the movie* where the quote appears, btw :), I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible

(When Harry Met Sally), Broadcast News(1987)

Aaron Altman: And in the middle of all this, I started to think about the one thing that makes me feel really good and makes immediate sense... and it's you.

Jane Craig: Oh, Bubba.

Aaron Altman: I'm going to stop right now. Except that I would give anything if you were two people","Been keeping an eye on him since ""Gook"". Underrated movie., Blue Bayou was good, looking forward to what this guy does next., That last scene of Blue Bayou dooooont leave! Please! Gah right on the feels, *I am the Night Rider. I am a fuel injected suicide machine.*, Blue Bayou was my favorite movie of 2021, I was sad to see how small of a splash it made. Excited to see what Chon makes next., Blue Bayou was a suprise film for me. Caught it on a long haul flight and adored it. Simple and tragic but well shot and brilliantly acted., ""I would rather spend one lifetime with you","r/filmmakers, As Badevilbunny mentioned, start as a runner or gofer, get to know how film production works and slowly work your way up., Just apply to be a runner, it is how most get into the business., Alec Baldwin will shoot you for free, Stuntman, caterer, or maybe groupie wrangler..., Making popcorn in the lobby of a theater, Many stars have written their way into Hollywood fame. Start small with TV scripts, and work your way up to movie screenplays., Any job you are accepted for. The degree itself won't get you the job., People have already mentioned starting as a runner/gofer","You are trolling. , Al Pacino made this watchable and I will bow out gracefully on this hill., ""Jack and Jill"" wasn't a movie, it was an assassination attempt. Sandler was clearly trying to kill moviegoers by breaking their brains., Im not, please dont hurt me I have a family , Al Pacino makes anything watchable, that was the main plot device in the film. Iirc, Adam Sandler wanted to hire hin for a Dunkin' Donuts commercial., He was an extremely important part, , Any job you are accepted for. The degree itself won't get you the job., People have already mentioned starting as a runner/gofer","You are trolling. , Al Pacino made this watchable and I will bow out gracefully on this hill., ""Jack and Jill"" wasn't a movie, it was an assassination attempt. Sandler was clearly trying to kill moviegoers by breaking their brains., Im not, please dont hurt me I have a family , Al Pacino makes anything watchable, that was the main plot device in the film. Iirc, Adam Sandler wanted to hire hin for a Dunkin' Donuts commercial., He was an extremely important part, , Any job you are accepted for. The degree itself won't get you the job., People have already mentioned starting as a runner/gofer","You are trolling. , Al Pacino made this watchable and I will bow out gracefully on this hill., ""Jack and Jill"" wasn't a movie, it was an assassination attempt. Sandler was clearly trying to kill moviegoers by breaking their brains., Im not, please dont hurt me I have a family , Al Pacino makes anything watchable, that was the main plot device in the film. Iirc, Adam Sandler wanted to hire hin for a Dunkin' Donuts commercial., He was an extremely important part, , Any job you are accepted for. The degree itself won't get you the job., People have already mentioned starting as a runner/gofer","The Frighteners. Funny and comedic until the 3rd act., From Dusk til Dawn, About Time is one of my favorite movies and a great example of this. The first 2/3 are a romcom and the last 1/3 is a drama. On a rewatch, you see that the romcom portion is really just creating the context for the drama portion to take place within., Arguably, Kill List. It started as an action thriller, ended up as a horror movie. They did sprinkle a few hints here and there, but it just made the movie more like espionage/treasure hunting than horror.","I could do with a verb in that headline., I was worried there for a second,  I saw the photo and thought he passed away., Beautiful picture., Anthony Hopkins is such a gift to the world., I love how excellent he looks with the hooded eyes. Most people fight it, but he just rocks it., Just rewatched the movie Legends of the Fall. I had forgotten how Anthony Hopkins is absolutely splendid in it., Hannibal: The Grandfather Years., Honestly, I can't see him as a kind old gentleman anymore after reading how he treated his own daughter. But frankly","Who? Who? Who? Who? Who?, I was worried there for a second,  I saw the photo and thought he passed away., Beautiful picture., Anthony Hopkins is such a gift to the world., I love how excellent he looks with the hooded eyes. Most people fight it, but he just rocks it., Just rewatched the movie Legends of the Fall. I had forgotten how Anthony Hopkins is absolutely splendid in it., Hannibal: The Grandfather Years., Honestly, I can't see him as a kind old gentleman anymore after reading how he treated his own daughter. But frankly","[It is from Disney Animated movie, Tangled \(2010\), when they were on the boat sang, ""I See The Light"", the music, the visuals, and their chemistry was on point.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILRs2r6lcHY), I like in A Walk To Remember, when he takes her to the state line and has her stand in just the right place along the border do she can check ""be in two places at once"" off her bucket list, [This scene from Stardust Memories.](https://youtu.be/8zXm3z9nrN8), Marty and Clara talking until all hours at the diner and then walking home afterwards","Damn yeah that scene is so tragic. I always end up calling my dad after watching it., I refused to see this movies for years thinking it was just some time travel comedy about getting laid I finally saw it last Christmas and I was a mess afterwards, I can't watch this movie right now.

I lost my father two years ago. It is still too raw. 

I tear up just thinking about that scene., Im not, please dont hurt me I have a family , Al Pacino makes anything watchable, that was the main plot device in the film. Iirc, Adam Sandler wanted to hire hin for a Dunkin' Donuts commercial.","I'm down for anything with Elijah Wood. He always seems like a good dude and he's an underrated actor outside LotR., Details:

>The films story sees 12-year-old Mildreds life turned upside down when her mother lands in hospital and estranged, American magician father, Strawn Wise (Wood), comes to look after her. Hoping to entertain the bookish tween, Strawn takes Mildred camping in the notoriously rugged New Zealand wilderness. There the pair embark on the ultimate test of family bonding  a quest to find the mythological beast known as the Canterbury Panther., Lord of the Bookworm!","Damn yeah that scene is so tragic. I always end up calling my dad after watching it., I refused to see this movies for years thinking it was just some time travel comedy about getting laid I finally saw it last Christmas and I was a mess afterwards, I can't watch this movie right now.

I lost my father two years ago. It is still too raw. 

I tear up just thinking about that scene., Im not, please dont hurt me I have a family , Al Pacino makes anything watchable, that was the main plot device in the film. Iirc, Adam Sandler wanted to hire hin for a Dunkin' Donuts commercial.","Taskmaster gets belly laughs every episode, and they're all up for free on their YouTube channel., What we do in the shadows tv series. 
The film is good, but i personally prefer the series., Party Down - it's coming back for a 3rd season

I Think You Should Leave

The Kids in the Hall - Season 6 released this year on Amazon but the other 5 seasons well worth checking out, Nathan For You, Silicon Valley, Game night is pretty hilarious, extra props for not losing steam at any point in the runtime, Derry Girls on Netflix, I would recommend what we do in the shadows","Damn yeah that scene is so tragic. I always end up calling my dad after watching it., I refused to see this movies for years thinking it was just some time travel comedy about getting laid I finally saw it last Christmas and I was a mess afterwards, I can't watch this movie right now.

I lost my father two years ago. It is still too raw. 

I tear up just thinking about that scene., Im not, please dont hurt me I have a family , Al Pacino makes anything watchable, that was the main plot device in the film. Iirc, Adam Sandler wanted to hire hin for a Dunkin' Donuts commercial.","Kevin Bacon (Friday the 13th)

Added:  John Ratzenberger had a plumb role in Motel Hell (1980) before Cheers and Pixar., I love seeing famous actors in their early roles in horror movies., I can't watch this movie right now.

I lost my father two years ago. It is still too raw. 

I tear up just thinking about that scene., Im not, please dont hurt me I have a family , Al Pacino makes anything watchable, that was the main plot device in the film. Iirc, Adam Sandler wanted to hire hin for a Dunkin' Donuts commercial., He was an extremely important part, ","Kevin Bacon (Friday the 13th)

Added:  John Ratzenberger had a plumb role in Motel Hell (1980) before Cheers and Pixar., I love seeing famous actors in their early roles in horror movies., I can't watch this movie right now.

I lost my father two years ago. It is still too raw. 

I tear up just thinking about that scene., Im not, please dont hurt me I have a family , Al Pacino makes anything watchable, that was the main plot device in the film. Iirc, Adam Sandler wanted to hire hin for a Dunkin' Donuts commercial., He was an extremely important part, ","Whats the difference between a writedown and a write off?, And wb still has massive debt. Thanks to att, Kramer: It's a write down for them.
  
Jerry: How is it a write down?
  
Kramer: They just write it down.
  
Jerry: Write it down of what?
  
Kramer: They just write it down!
  
Jerry: You don't even know what a write down is, do you?
  
Kramer: No. Do you?
  
Jerry: No I don't!!, I just can't help but think there is someone more qualified or better prepared to make these decisions than the people behind 90 day fiance and my big fat fabulous life.","Not sure, but it would be kind of interesting to see Leo DiCap in another movie involving Hoover., The book has Hoover in the periphery, and more about how he set up the bureau to be THE agency for federal crimes. He may pop up, for sure, but doubt will interact with Ernest (Leos character)., I can't watch this movie right now.

I lost my father two years ago. It is still too raw. 

I tear up just thinking about that scene., Im not, please dont hurt me I have a family , Al Pacino makes anything watchable, that was the main plot device in the film. Iirc","terrific, a six-demon bag, sensational, *How did you get up there?*  
*It wasn't easy!*, Just read the comics.  Hell, at one point he becomes friends with Lo Pan., No, because the point is that he drives into an event that has nothing to do with him and leaves without really learning or understanding anything. 


He's a side character, and Big Trouble works with this gimmick but you can't repeat gimmicks like that in subsequent films.


Think about it. Shit gets waaay out of hand very quickly and just gets crazier ane crazier. Jack is constantly confused. 

It just wouldn't work again.","Olivia Colman's mix of expression and emotion in ""The Favourite (2018)"" as she realised Emma Stone's true colors at the end of the film is pretty chilling and a great bit of acting., Fifth Element when zorg finally acquires the case to find it empty again. You've got rage frustration desperation and disappointment all in one insane laugh, This scene from ""Sideways"" comes to mind, with Paul Giamatti pretending to be happy for his ex-wife 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rO\_Dkz\_TQI, Peter O'Toole in Lawrence of Arabia, getting simultaneously fascinated",">Anyone have any recommendations for similar movies?

Happy Death Day, I think Sarah's decision to become an expert at quantum mechanics or whatever was one of the smartest decisions in film., This was pretty much my favorite movie of 2020. not saying it was ""the best"" just the one I enjoyed the most., I'm so fucking glad I went into this on a blind rec, it's probably the best thing Hulu has put out under their own banner., Most of my enjoyment for this movie came from my love for Christin Millioti.","My Dinner With Andre., Monty Python's Life of Brian and Monty Python's The Meaning of Life., Ingmar Bergman movies (basically all of them)

Tarkovsky movies (literally all of them), The Before Sunrise trilogy., I always enjoyed Gattica., The Fountain (2006)

Pig (2021), How to Die in Oregon, great documentary on people who are terminally ill and discuss their decisions to use assisted suicide., *My Night at Mauds* might be what youre looking for., The Congress (2013), The Fountain

Being There

Donnie Darko, Ghost Dog is fairly philosophical - in particular the book he reads: Hagakure.","Did you happen to watch the end credits of WALL-E? It kind of gives you exactly what you're asking for., The Graduate, *Indy 5* needs a time skip sequence where Indiana reunites with Short Round.

Out of curiosity, how many people were at your showing of *Bros*?, Interstellar., Does it? I honestly just gave that example because it was off the top of my head while I wrote this post, I havent watched the movie itself in a while

All I remember is the end where >!all the humans got back on earth and started growing stuff!< but Ill have to check out the end credits",Interesting to see how Smile has held up quite well 4 weeks in now that it had Halloween to compete with.,"1. Return to Oz, The Serpent and the Rainbow has some really terrifying scenes, The Changeling is a criminally underrated horror flick. Very little gore, 100% atmosphere, suspense, and chills., April Fools is great and I don't think I've met anyone else who has seen it! Glad to see it on this list., Ah yes, Friday the 13th from 1980 starring Jason with a hockey mask from 2009, Childs Play scared the shit out of 7 year old me. I couldnt play with my dolls for months., Not sure Id put Labyrinth in the horror category. Lots of good, though obvious 80s horror films in this list","These are all fun slashers. I'd also recommend The Burning, which stars a young Jason Alexander and is a lot of fun., I recently watched Stage Fright for the first time on Tubi a few weeks ago and it was a really good time. The characters made somewhat logical decisions (for an 80s slasher at least) like making it a point to stick together and fighting back when they had a chance, naturally they failed at all of it in glorious fashion, but they get an A for effort., And that opening saxaphone number, lol. That movie is a trip., Yeah, that's when I knew that I was in for a real treat., Ah yes","i'm happy when i read your post, i love the film of Sergio Leone, but for me in my heart of this film i will remember the soudtrack of Ennio Morricone, he was italian like me R.I.P Maestro., Husband, without fail, falls asleep right when they start the union interrogation and wakes up when they destroy the bridge. 

Every. Damn. Time. 

It's like magic. The only way he's seen that bit is if we skip the whole movie and forward to it., Hey Blondie, theres two type of spurs, those coming up the stairs and those coming through the window., Lee van Cleef is a bad ass","That's what I was trying to avoid. A conversation about body mass, okay? We've had that conversation five times a day for the last month because we keep watching Predator and all you talk about is Weathers and Jesse ""The Body"" Ventura and how many pounds they can pack on., Why is predator loved for the wrong reasons?, A better way to put this would be ""what are qualities of beloved movies that are underappreciated/not talked about as much as they should?""

Alien would be a good example","A) People don't always think rationally in highly stressful life-or-death situations.

B) A big part of Lorraine's character is her figuring out her own attitudes towards sexuality. We see her trying to act and appear less prudish when she wants to act in the movie but her lashing out at Maxine shows she still has some prudishness towards what they came to the farmhouse to do. And in her head she feels she was proven right","I got chased by a cop robot in a mall after hours a few years ago. It was absurd and terrifying. This was the first thing I thought of., Incidentially watched this back to back with Phantom of the Mall: Eric's Revenge which is shot at the same mall.

It really stands out how low budget Chopping Mall was when you see another film actually able to have some extras beyond one scene. Blew all the money on those sweet robots clearly., I mean, it's an alright film. Well directed for a fun time but weakly written, and really runs out of steam after the first half.","Lotr is one story in three parts. Two towers is not really a sequel, it's just the middle of the story., You answered your own question, >	Saruman doesnt use his fire powers at the end

He was literally surrounded by water. What was he going to do.

>	Frodo absolutely does nothing in this

What are you? What the fuck are you smoking that you didnt notice the intense character work Frodo has in this film? And his formation of a relationship with Smagol is pretty key

Anyway none of that matter because as it has been said","This movie wasnt well received by critics., But they did do shorter cut which I heard is a lot better, You know what else critics didnt like? 1994s Clifford , It's cause it's made for the fans not critics. Just like Black Adam /s, Thats fine by me, I dont think Ive ever seen an Irritu movie I didnt love., What an insightful comment, Haha. That movie is amazing., He is likely just trying to start a conversation. Very neutral comment, Yeah sure man, LOTR IMO is just one very long movie in 3 parts.

I cannot separate the 3 movies as I've only ever watched all 3 together... over a weekend.",N/A,"Now watch Double Indemnity., That movie made stars out of two newcomers: Kathleen Turner and Mickey Rourke.

And I agree with you,  this movie is fantastic. Also, Turner is ridiculously good in it. Probably her best performance, even., If you watch the movie carefully when they first meet at the bar.  She's really getting a feeling of where his mind is at and compared to her","
Loved loved loved her work in Chernobyl!, Good on 'em. My doctor tells me I gotta get my meta score down,  Battlefield 2042?, She's wonderful, definitely one of the top composers of our time. Is the Tr score available to stream yet?, I haven't really read about the movie ""TR"" but in Icelandic ""tr"" means tear drop., not even her own family could remember her last name,.. but still enjoyed her tunes, Theres a moment in the movie where Tr is listing off some great composers, and one of them is Hildur Gunadttir. When I heard it I thought wait","
Loved loved loved her work in Chernobyl!, Good on 'em. My doctor tells me I gotta get my meta score down,  Battlefield 2042?, She's wonderful, definitely one of the top composers of our time. Is the Tr score available to stream yet?, I haven't really read about the movie ""TR"" but in Icelandic ""tr"" means tear drop., not even her own family could remember her last name,.. but still enjoyed her tunes, Theres a moment in the movie where Tr is listing off some great composers, and one of them is Hildur Gunadttir. When I heard it I thought wait","Josh Brolin and Tommy Lee Jones (Agent K) in Men in Black 3., The kid who played young Jack Black in the Tenacious D movie was scarily perfect. I swear to god there must have been a Delorean or something involved with that one., alexandra kyle playing the younger version of judy greer in 13 going on 30, The Netflix show Dark has the best old/young version casting I've seen, Rob Lowe doing THE best Robert Wagner impression as young Number 2., Jena Malone as young Jodie Foster in Contact, Ice Cubes son playing Ice Cube on Straight Outta Compton","Josh Brolin and Tommy Lee Jones (Agent K) in Men in Black 3., The kid who played young Jack Black in the Tenacious D movie was scarily perfect. I swear to god there must have been a Delorean or something involved with that one., alexandra kyle playing the younger version of judy greer in 13 going on 30, The Netflix show Dark has the best old/young version casting I've seen, Rob Lowe doing THE best Robert Wagner impression as young Number 2., Jena Malone as young Jodie Foster in Contact, Ice Cubes son playing Ice Cube on Straight Outta Compton","The two spins-offs of the ""Conjurinverse"" that I really liked of the Conjuringverse were Annabelle 2 and 3., Shit it's the chick from Narnia, Back in the Habit, I have a hard time believing it will be bad, unless every single funny element of the movie was in the trailer (and thus, the original Funny or Die fake trailer from 10 years ago), There have been a few screenings! It premiered at TIFF and had one in Santa Monica a few weeks ago.  I was at the latter. It's extremely funny!","All roads lead to Pepe Silvia, One day? The point is that it's crazy and likely a big load of bull. Come up with a theory and start it today. :P, I'm pretty sure at least 90% of the crazy wall supply is in movies, only 10% is in real life. These are real numbers people, and we need to do something about it., God, I love the Wall of Crazy so much. It's a visual cliche I will never, ever get tired of. Also, years and years ago, a friend once ran the following proposal for a scene past me, and it never stops making me laugh","Teachers with Nick Nolte, Ralph Macchio and Crispin Glover. Pretty wild movie., School of Rock, Hamlet 2 is a great comedic film starring Steve Coogan as a high-school drama teacher., Another Round (2020)

One Eight Seven (1997), It's not a serious movie, just a fluffy 80s comedy, but Summer School is pretty great

https://youtu.be/VijCU3fPp3s, 187.  Samuel Jackson should have won an Oscar for that performance., Half Nelson with Ryan Gosling was decent., The Man Without a Face.

Front of the Class.

Apt Pupil.

Edit:

Coach Carter (maybe counts), Monsieur Lazhar","Hes in the Chucky series too. Plays multiple roles., Loved seeing him in Hacks., Bring on the Devon Sawaissance!, I'd rather have a recreated 20 year old Jessica Alba., Haha! This makes me feel old., This is so good. Introduced my girls to Idle hands last week and its amazing how much it still holds up with the laughs and kills, Final destination is now on the list this week!!!, That movie was my jam back in the day!, Love this movie! A true classic., Why have Idle Hands when you can have SUPER Hans?","One of my favorite horror movies., Loved seeing him in Hacks., Bring on the Devon Sawaissance!, I'd rather have a recreated 20 year old Jessica Alba., Haha! This makes me feel old., This is so good. Introduced my girls to Idle hands last week and its amazing how much it still holds up with the laughs and kills, Final destination is now on the list this week!!!, That movie was my jam back in the day!, Love this movie! A true classic., Why have Idle Hands when you can have SUPER Hans?","Years after watching Harry Potter I realized he played Sirius. That really blowed my mind., Tiptoes.



As in,


""OH SHIT! I can't believe Gary Oldman is in this turd of a movie."", Hannibal, When he played Mason Verger in Hannibal., Literally every time I see a new movie! He's a freakin chameleon!, Ive always likened him to being the closest thing to a Lon Chaney of our generation (even though he doesnt do his own makeup)., EVERY ONE!!!!, Call of Duty.

Kidding!

I would also echo Drexl in True Romance. He just went wild with that one. Also, he was fairly unrecognisable in Churchill","https://youtu.be/5Xl0l0gtK6g, Tiptoes.



As in,


""OH SHIT! I can't believe Gary Oldman is in this turd of a movie."", Hannibal, When he played Mason Verger in Hannibal., Literally every time I see a new movie! He's a freakin chameleon!, Ive always likened him to being the closest thing to a Lon Chaney of our generation (even though he doesnt do his own makeup)., EVERY ONE!!!!, Call of Duty.

Kidding!

I would also echo Drexl in True Romance. He just went wild with that one. Also, he was fairly unrecognisable in Churchill, tremendous makeup job","The Vanishing (1988).  There is also a 1993 English speaking version, which was not as well received., It's Dutch. The Vanishing.

The American remake is a travesty. By the same director!

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The\_Vanishing\_(1988\_film)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Vanishing_(1988_film)):

>This remake was poorly received and universally seen as inferior to the original, with particular criticism for its new happy ending. Time Out's Nigel Floyd called it ""a misjudged"," That Pinocchio movie with Pauley Shore, Sir Billi 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sir_Billi","One of my favorite horror movies., Final Fantasy VIII.

Final Fantasy IX.

Final Fantasy X.

Final Fantasy XII.

Final Fantasy Tactics.

Dragon Age Origins.

Mass Effect.

Game of Thrones., The Wheel of Time series. Without spoiling anything, it takes about 2 or 3 books before people start accepting a certain character as a leader, and even much longer before that character even sees themselves as the leader everyone else sees them as., The Godfather, Star Wars., The Avengers, Breaking Bad., nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan","Theyre locking them in the water tower, never to be seen again., Interesting business strategy for Warner Brothers, making movies then never showing them to anyone, I understand capitalism blah blah blah, but it feels like a fucking crime. 2 billion dollars worth of storytelling people stayed up late and busted their asses to make, and it gets dumped in the abyss to feed a spreadsheet. Just obscene., ZaslavThe Destroyer sounds like a great DC villain, Imagine if they actually made good movies. People would pay them money so they could continue making good movies.","Who? Who? Who? Who? Who?, Interesting business strategy for Warner Brothers, making movies then never showing them to anyone, I understand capitalism blah blah blah, but it feels like a fucking crime. 2 billion dollars worth of storytelling people stayed up late and busted their asses to make, and it gets dumped in the abyss to feed a spreadsheet. Just obscene., ZaslavThe Destroyer sounds like a great DC villain, Imagine if they actually made good movies. People would pay them money so they could continue making good movies., They dont even know what a write off is.","The Oscars were only relatively ""cool"" back when movie stars were relatively cool, which was before they were in your face 365 days a year., i just like oscars to be a celebration of movies. idk what else the oscars could be, I wouldnt mind if they went back to the simpler, Billy Crystal type of show. Not desperately trying to bring in the younger crowd, let the winners talk, no cringy stunts. Maybe it wouldnt lead to bigger ratings, but at least itll be more dignified., Here's the problem:

>Los Angeles Times analysis found its median age to be 62","Billy Eichner is known for playing really obnoxious characters, why anyone would cast him as the lead in a rom-com is beyond me., It's just like holleywood to pass the blame onto the viewers for making a movie that flops., Ive never heard of this movie til the uproar, Comedies dont sell

  Comedies in October definitely dont sell

Billy Eichner does not sell 

Yes some people were turned off by the fact that its an LGBTQ+ film but theres many other reasons it flopped","It also probably holds the unofficial record for highest number of  ""no name"" actors that went on to have great careers., It's posts like these that really give subs like r/moviescirclejerk the drive to work harder on their stuff, I feel like if you think there wasn't a message then you weren't paying attention., I would argue Band of Brothers or The Pacific if not specifically using only movies. They had high production quality, really showed the grittiness of war, and were based on the experience of real people as well., I dont know man","Your film selections of ""similar but better than Black Mirror"" aren't good comparisons. Black Mirror's premise is in the title. ""A dark reflection of our current reality, should we let certain technologies or ideas go morally unchecked."" It's an extrapolation of modern ideas & thinking gone too far.

Event Horizon, while a fantastic sci-fi horror film, is more about the dangers of ""playing God"" with the power of quantum physics. 

Being John Malkovich, also a great film","Someone on Twitter pointed out the similarities to a Lego Ninjago poster and I can't unsee it now

https://www.reddit.com/r/ninjagosetleaks/comments/lwxn4y/ninjago_season_15_poster/, Me watching the trailer: maybe they are misleading us by focusing on Shuri so much

Me seeing the poster: nope, Black Panther is now a Champion of Nurgle., Pretty much confirms Shuri as the new Panther - the dot markings on the mask behind her are the same as the paint on her face in ther first movie, Please dont kill Namor
Please dont kill Namor
Please dont kill Namor","I would say Charlize Theron in Atomic Blonde, stomping on guys in a completely believable fashion while wearing high heels. Also taking A LOT of shots, so the fights in that film were painfully realistic. In Mad Max Fury Road, again she shows a very believable physicality. She's 5-10, so towering in heels. In contrast, watching Angelina Jolie in SALT at 105 pounds knocking dudes out with one punch and no special technique, and remaining completely unscathed, was absolutely laughable. And the scenes where she runs?  She looked like the 45 year old mom she is trying to catch a bus.","Moses: 

    Allow it., Yo Attack The Block was such a fun movie haha, Boyega is a guy I will see a movie because he's in it.  Love his acting.  Wish he was willing to do more Star Wars stuff, but I get it., Didn't he just walk off a production recently?, He's an awful actor and has an off-putting persona., from his experience i know if you want to success, don't aim for success just do what you love and it will be come, [deleted], Secret commercial Tv project. 

Shaft? I could see that as a show.

Luther the younger years?","All the vintage Shaymalan is superb: Signs, Unbreakable and The Sixth Sense are absolute outstanding motion pictures.

The Sixth Sense is an absolute masterwork., I think all directors can be hit or miss. The thing about him, though, is that people know him as the ""that plot twist guy"", and that can get people to see him as a one-trick poney. Either that, or you go in expecting a plot twist.

Personally, I was not all that impressed with Signs, most likely because the plot twist did not live up to his reputation.

On the other hand, The Village seems to not be very loved either","Finding out Robert Richardson shot this has spiked my attention quite a bit. Looks like a really interesting visual approach., Shame that a lot of the attention this movie gets will be do to Smiths antics. But it looks very interesting., Hopefully this turns out good, always enjoyed watching Will Smith even though most of his movies havent done too great review wise. Have a feeling its gonna be overshadowed by the slap though, Well, I wasn't expecting this to look like a Robert Eggers film., Looks good., If they don't sing Follow the Drinking Gord I will cry",">According to Reddit

I don't remember any poll for this. Did I miss it?


Looks like they went through a few recommendation posts and arbitrarily picked a couple comments., I'll admit they are all great movies, but the list is so basic. Put something in there I have not seen., * Ordet
* Through a Glass Darkly
* 2001: A Space Odyssey
* Rosemary's Baby
* The Godfather
* Annie Hall
* Stalker
* The Shining
* Pulp Fiction
* Mulholland Drive, So, just fuck Hitchcock, right?, Any movie list that doesnt include Tokyo Story is not a respectable movie list, Great","I feel like everything to be said about Resurrections has been said. The first third of the movie is pretty solid aside from the shitty opening action, then it goes to shit once Neo is out of The Matrix again., The movie was a mess. Smith and Morpheus were poorly cast. The action was dreadful. The sets looked cheap like a CW show. Keanu Reeves and Carrie gave good performances but that was it., I rewatched the Matrix movies before Resurrections and the most disappointing thing about Resurrections was retconning Morpheus' arc","[deleted], lol ok indiewire. No one cares about Hollywood politics in the middle of an international war., People don't care about the Oscars outside of war time, and certainly not during, I see what they're doing. Trying to make watching the Oscar's a fuck you to Russia.

Bold strategy. Ratings already suck, so go for broke., I bet there are at least 10 people in the world that care about this!

Also, I want to congratulate the person who hired the ""author"" of this riveting article. Must be  a very charitable person!, Russia had no shot in hell this year","Summary

Rajamouli-Mahesh Film Bigger Than Baahubali & RRR

Fromalongtime,manyarewonderingtohearfromlegendaryfilmmakerRajamouliaboutthekindoffilmhewillbecomingupwithnext.

Thoughthedirectorrevealedthathisnextisgoingtobeaglobe-trottingactionadventure,theywanttohearmoreaboutit.

Ifhespillscoupleofdropsaboutit,surelyitisgoingtodriveanyonecrazy.

AfterdeliveringastupendousblockbusterlikeRRRthatismadewithagiganticbudget,what'sthefilmthatRajamouliwillmakeintermsofbudgetwithSuperstarMaheshisonethingeveryoneislookingforwardto.

TalkingaboutthesameatthescreeningofRRRatChineseTheatre,LosAngeles","Morbid curiosity is a real psychological phenomenon., Same reason people slow down for car crashes; intrinsic human curiosity. Also as we are designed for self preservation, reading about others in great peril sometimes makes one wonder what you would do in that situation., I think it's fear and curiosity. Some watch for the same reason people watch horror movies, adrenaline. While others are moreso fascinated by the differences in the brain.","Bird Box might be remembered, I really liked The Adam Project, watched it multiple times., The Rock, Ryan Reynolds, and Gal Gadot are A-list celebrities but C-rate actors. Movies starring duds will never have staying power., >but is anybody going to be talking about Red Notice 10 years from now? 

We never know what will happen in 10 years especially when movies are now easier to get discovered and seen by people with streaming, etc. ""Mediocre"" movies will be easier to gain an audience and ""fondly remembered"" later on., Best of luck on your goal to become a blogger","I'd like it if he opened a winter sports park to help combat veterans with PTSD, the final test is going down a big hill on a sledge. We then get to hear the most famous line turned on it's head. As he sits immobile at the top of the hill he turns to the young ex marine and says ""I was wrong all these years, DO push me"". Cut to slow motion shots of him descending, wind in his mullet. Fade to black., At first my thought about this post was no that last one was a perfect send off. But i kind of like your drama idea","OP doesn't know any actor names, Such a good movie, has some great quotes. Love Hoot (Eric Bana) talking about war and that sometimes things just happen, not anybodys fault or anything. And the rare appearance of Josh Hartnett, who delivers an award worthy narration to close out a masterpiece of film., Just to name a few:

Ewan McGregor (Grimes), Trainspotting

Kim Coates (Wex), SOA

Tom Sizemore (McKnight), Heat

Jason Isaacs (Steele), The Patriot, Including Smalls from Sandlot.  :), Don't forget Phil Dunphy, I forgot Tom Hardy is in it, Did you catch Legolas too","Baz Luhrman.

Thats all you should have needed to know to set your expectations., Different types of movies.

Walk the Line was standard biopic material and it was pretty good. I haven't seen it in years, but I'm sure it holds up and will continue to do so. 

Elvis was... Spectacle, much like the product being pushed on to you by that creepy little manager. It was designed to be glitz and dizzying. That's very much what his life was like. Controlled by a creep, sucked dry by family and friends who he felt obliged to care for","Not sure about this one., Well that was a mistake, Yeah but what you need to remember is that the general plot is very similar to another movie I never watched but YouTube told me about, which means theres nothing redeemable about this movie at all., I don't know. I love Cameron's work, but I just found Avatar very forgettable., Good picture., If you liked that, you should check out Pocahontas.. or Fern Gully, I remember throwing a fit about seeing it when I was kid bc I didnt want to. I was the only one interested in it in my family and was hyperfixated on it for three years after","I think The Mummy Returns is a good sequel to the Mummy. The real crime was Tomb of the Dragon Emperor. Evelyn without Rachel Weisz was not Evelyn., Id say it gets the appropriate amount of love., It's also a prime example of what not to do with CGi, Rick and Eve are one of the best depictions of a madly in love, happily married couple in cinematic history., I like Returns more cause most of the goofy stuff felts intentional. The movie knows is stupid but actually has fun with it","I've never seen any Fast and Furious movies., Saw, Twilght, Transformers and  Fast& furious. My partner is obsessed with the other one though. Still don't know why lol, You know, I can't think of any franchise that I haven't seen at least one movie of.  I've seen at least one in all the ones named so far, even 50 shades and madea.  Police Academy, Bourne series, Hellraiser, Phantasm, Exorcist, Pumpkin head, and all sorts of other horror series.  High School Musical, Mighty Ducks, Paddington (is that a franchise yet?), Madagascar...

I don't know if I should be proud or ashamed of this.","12 angry men would be difficult to extract from its moment in time- it's still as relevant today as it was then, and exists as a great example of how art can transcend time., Im not a huge Sorkin fan but I could 100% see even a more-or-less straight remake working well with his style. Though the story is didactic enough maybe having Sorkin would just go too much in that direction, whereas a subtler touch could find fresher nuances., This is a great idea. I can feel the tension already. We already know what Aaron can do with 5 people, imagine fucking 12!","> America Ferrera will star alongside Paul Dano, Seth Rogen, Sebastian Stan, Pete Davidson, Shailene Woodley, Anthony Ramos, Vincent DOnofrio, Dane DeHaan & Myhala Herrold in DUMB MONEY. The film follows the chaos from GameStop stock skyrocketing due to Reddit.

This cast is insanely stacked, Bull fucking shit they're making a gamestop movie, Does anyone the real reason she left Superstore?, Yea, but its not going to get the story right at all,
Mostly because its not over","It's not healthy to be this invested in a Hilary Duff movie., Better yet, stop ending article titles with ""you cowards,"" which only shows that you care way too much about what other people think about things that you like to the point that you're willing to insult them when they've done nothing to you.

I hate modern journalism., OK I will !, I love this take  amazing, No. And no, I will not call Die Hard a Christmas movie either., have you ever seen the Lizzie Mcguire movie...? its more than healthy its healing, Why not take a crazy chance?, Nah","You should see the Director's Cut.

It gets a lot deeper with that., Cameron has a knack for great female characters, no doubt., I agree that Avatar has many great female characters. Neytiri is a fierce warrior and she saves Jake several times in the movie. Grace is a smart woman whose love for science is remarquable.

It's really sad that we can't have a conversation about Avatar here without being downvoted by some idiots... Losers., AFAIK there isn't a Director's Cut. 

Do you mean the collector's edition? It is 178 minutes long where the theatrical release is 162 minutes.","To be honest. I guarantee there was more studio interference with percy jackson and expected chris to recreate the lightning in a bottle. After harry potter he went on to direct rent and I love you beth cooper. Confidence had probably waned considerably. Couple that 100% with percy jackson not being as strong source material as harry potter and you probably have your answer. But imo, harry potter kick started a generational sub genre., Always thought Coppola nailed the best adaptation of a kids book with the Outsiders., The first two Harry Potters are also the shortest books","It will follow her foray into the business world.. sister act iii : nun of your business, The first one was so good and funny, watched it as a kid. 

Whoopie use to be a legit actress with huge box office and critical hits. What happened?, If it doesnt have Kathy Najimy getting major screen time Im out., Those who played Duke Nukem 3D know that there is already a Sister Act 3, except it's a different kind of movie, lol., I'm still waiting for Nuns on the Run 2

Edit: 14 hours later","This article is four years old. I'm pretty sure this one made it to Broadway and everything., This is ancient. Show already had original run and closed. Few other international runs too. Hell full cast soundtrack is on spotify if curious., I saw this like 9 years ago on broadway. It was pretty good, Dr. Zaius! Dr. Zaius!, Pretty sure they would sing ""Hit Me With Your Best Shot"" in the fight scene, This article is four years old, why even post this?, Money. Easier to get publicity and whatnot around a know name., This was made into a musical yeeeears ago.","[The Last Airbender](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0938283/), I don't think I've ever watched a film that bad but I avoid a lot of productions (like 365 days or After or even Adam Sandler's comedy)

I do hate some pictures but I can always find something positive, Battlefield earth.

Even as a so bad it's good it's... terrible. 

The acting is terrible. 

The plot is beyond stupid, there's so many flaws listing them would take a day. 

The CGI is pathetic, it's worst than stuff that came out 10 years prior with 1/10th of the budget. 

Everything about that movie suck","You are right bro/sis. It was an *excellent* opening for the film. Set the tone, the nature of the world, the stakes, pretty much the whole idea that this was the deciding moment of an entire war. I actually like all of the larger battle sequences in the prequels. George Lucas did a great job directing them.

On a side note, I think there's a problem with the dissonance between the extremely negative critical analysis of the Prequels, and the fact that they have a big","I'm the opposite. I wanted to not like it but I enjoyed it a lot. I liked that it was slow and just there. Kind of reminded me of a slice-of-life anime haha and the music was killer. I loved the scene of them meeting., Thought it was great but Im a sucker for everything PTA does at this point., Never got the appeal as well, Thought it was a long, dreary bore. Saw absolutely nothing in this film., I also watched it a few months ago and I felt it was all over the place.  I didn't get their appeal either, It was a flabby yarn of a tale and I loved it. After a year of epics","Prey is a fantastic film tbh. I love the cinematography and the sound design. The score is fkn amazing as well., Predator is a slasher movie that featured a group of Special Forces soldiers instead of teenagers at camp., I thought it was fine. 

It was pretty fun and kept me engaged the whole time. The acting was solid","I can't point to many 3-hour films recently, but 2.5 has become a new norm for certain kinds of films, mainly large action movies.  The reason for this is because filmmakers and studios have gotten it into their heads that length equals prestige and that it will signal to an audience that this movie is quality because it has more ""stuff"" and minutes to it.  They know that fans look at runtime.  So that's why when you have a big concluding film like *Spider-Man: No Way Home*, it is the longest of the trilogy because if they had made it shorter or even close to the first two","It will remain in my mind the quintessential melding of the perfect baseball movie laid atop a well reenacted documentary, because it is all largely true. 
It's a movie that's better the tenth time you see it because you're picking up all the little hints and gestures you didn't see. And the anticipation of the great scenes is all the sweeter

""You can't start Giambi tonight""
""Why not?""
""I traded him today""","I'd watch it, It did a re-release last week here in the Netherlands. IMAX was insane, I would love to see more IMAX re-releases. Even recent films like Dune and Nope, I hope we get a chance to see again on those big 1.43 screens because it's not something you can get at home. Interstellar has been screened again by various IMAX cinemas in the past, I would love to see a wide re-release happen in 2024 for its 10th anniversary. I still consider it the best IMAX film ever made., Would be great I sadly didn't watch it in theaters back then.","> 1984 

Check out the Spice Diver edit.

It pulls together a ton of deleted footage and tells a more complete story., I saw the 1984 movie as a nine-year-old, and thought I understood it. 

I read the book when I was 15 and realized well the movie did not do it justice it did lay out the story pretty well, and made it easy to understand.


Subsequently read all the books even some of the shit by his son was before the Dune books.


All of this to say, I was a fairly big dune nerd","The original language isn't in Hindi either!, That's funny, Netflix did the same to me, started in Portuguese. I heard ""deus"" and figured something was up and changed it., I can't find the right language version anywhere but Zee5 and it won't accept my payment method.","Such a good film. Leone matured so much from the Dollars trilogy, even tho those films were masterpieces. I wish to hell and back we got to see his Leningrad film before he died., The lower east side setting is absolutely unbelievable (though you can tell based on geography that its mostly Williamsburg and DUMBO), it totally brings that part of the city to life and imo feels less stagey than Godfather 2s Little Italy.

For better or worse these are probably
the most monstrous gangsters of the great mafia films","*Tucker and Dale vs Evil* is about a group that erroneously believes they are in a horror movie and then makes it come true from their mistake. It is basically a cavalcade of people not understanding the situation and acting like idiots., any slasher film where the group splits up after becoming aware of said slasher, What horror movie group DID understand the situation and didnt act like idiots. 

Thats the real question., Cabin in the Woods, All horror novies, As you pointed out","Contagion (2011), Children of Men, The Road with Vigo Mortenson

Shaun of the Dead, Train to Busan, save yourselves, 28 days later, Melancholia if you want to depress yourself a bit. Or a lot., Cube., Threads, All Dogs Go To Heaven, Catastrophe movies or catastrophically-made movies? Cuz thats two different lists.., It's hard to top the original disaster epics *The Poseidon Adventure* or *The Towering Inferno*., Cloverfield! Or Knowing (with Nicholas cage!), Extinction(Netflix), Planet of the apes, Children of Men","It wasn't bad. It was just a 6/10 movie that had no impact. It was a miscalculation to do a CGI pg13 movie during a wave of CGI PG-13 movies., It's the beige of fantasy movies, The Orcs side of the story was very well done, while the humans side felt like a bunch of cheap cosplayers. 

The movie also started way ahead of where it should have. It should have built up to the climax being the dark portal opening and orcs invading Azeroth.","Off the top of my head and in no specific order:

F Murray Abraham and Tom Hulce (Amadeus)

Robert Pattinson (Good Time)

Bjork (Dancer in the Dark)

Harley Joel Osmet and Jude Law (Artificial Intelligence, I love this movie)

Mark Ruffalo (Foxcatcher, really felt his performance was genuine in a reserved way. Like Willem Dafoe in The Florida Project. Toss him on the list too tbh)

Peter Weller (Robocop, the tour through the house just does it for me)

Richard Jenkins (Bone Tomahawk)

Phillip Seymour Hoffman (everything hes been in), In no particular order, and mostly off the top of my head","It's *kind* of erroneous to call the intended framing ""cropped"" since McTiernan never really expected (or was protecting) for everything outside the frame to be seen.

Predator is better in its intended ratio, not just because it keeps blatant mistakes off the screen, but because the framing is often poorer in open-matte. Often there's way too much space above and below the focus of the shot","Wasn't that movie part of the Dark cinematic universe, where the mummy remake killed the universe before it really started?, Because it bombed domestically, generated little fan buzz, and then the Mummy bombed even harder and killed off the whole franchise., That's why they had the modern day scene at the end, to set it up as a movie series., Mostly because it bombed and wasn't reviewed all that well. And on top of that the utter failure of the new Dark Cinematic Universe made it a no-go for the studio.","It's just a Damn Fine Movie.

I mean, I have a friend from a central European country, who was born after the film came out. We watched it together. And my friend loved it.

So while it certainly might *help* to have the cultural references of the time - you absolutely don't need them., I first saw it as an adult and loved it immediately.  Good word play.  Good swordplay.  Good screenplay.  Good Players.  

I might even say it is *inconceivably* good., This is legitimately one of my favorite movies of all time. As great as Mark Knopfler is","I quite enjoyed Ambulance. Its not supposed to be a cinematic masterpiece, its just supposed to be fun. I had a lot of fun with the movie. Ending was dragged out just a bit, but besides that I got no complaints. , Yeah, it's not Heat, dude. It's Michael Bay's version of Heat. 

Would you say Johnny Cash's version of ""Hurt"" is better/worse than the Nine Inch Nails original? They're both great. 

Michael Bay is Michael Bay. His films are dumb as hell and everybody talks over each other like they're on a cocaine bender, but they're fun to watch. This is known.","Went into this one expecting the worst, but was surprised by how well it was adapted. Definitely had the melodramatic pitfalls of many Bollywood films (and nothing compares to Tom Hanks performance) but Id argue some of that melodrama lends well to the inherently over the top nature of the story. I quite liked their take on the Lieutenant Dan character, though I do wonder if his arc was a bit politically sanitized., I saw it and it was long but pretty enjoyable overall., I know next to nothing about India's many movie scenes, Bollywood, etc","*Identity*, purely because I had once thought to myself ""You know what would be a cool premise for a survival horror? >!If everyone turned out to be alters fighting for control of the host body.!<""... so when the clues started lining up, I realized that my wish was about to be granted lol, [deleted], I caught the Malignant twist fairly early. It was Chekhov's Mop of Hair; you don't give a beautiful actress like Annabelle Wallis such an awful wig unless it's gonna factor in to the story.","To Kill a Mockingbird., Jaws.

As far as thrillers go, it has to be one of the best., Spirited Away., Blade Runner 2049, Barry Lyndon. I was so apprehensive about watching this. Im not a big fan of period pieces and it was really long. I finally watched it at the start of the pandemic and it was the most beautiful movie Ive ever seen., Drive, The Godfather I and II, Amedeus

A rare combination of Great Acting and Great writing., There Will Be Blood, Melancholia by Lars von Trier","I thought Brian Cox was effectively chilling as Hannibal Lector, given the screen time he had., Lector is hardly a presence in Manhunter because he is a minor character in the book, also, I love that the original actor to play Hannibal Lector is also the old man in Trick r Treat, I prefer the ""Manhunter"" version of Thomas Harris's tale. I found Mann's version with Brian Cox to be more odd and disturbing than the later version.

It's like ""True Grit"". Both are excellent portrayals of an excellent story.","Citizen Kane is pretty standard.  The graduate, psycho, north by northwest, all of The Godfather movies, personally I enjoy the Cohen brothers films also. The list could be very long., Jaws., Every Stanley Kubrick movie, Blue Velvet, Finding Nemo, The Graduate, Breathless (1960), Wizard of Oz, Toys and Josie & the Pussycats., Blade Runner: The Final Cut, Super Troopers, [deleted], The Matrix, In no particular order

* Shrek (really not joking here)
* The Fellowship of the Ring
* 12 Angry Men
* Schindler's List
* O Brother Where art Thou
* Who Framed Roger Rabbit
* Jurassic Park
* The Matrix","That James Cameron's *Titanic* was going to fail because everyone knows the ending., People at Disney were super confident in Pocahontas and not The Lion King which was considered project B so you can imagine that surprised them. I don't even think TLK is the obvious best of the Rennaissance like many do but....that's wild. That keeps me up at night.

I was going to agree with your reasoning but Pocahontas also has a tree and raccoon and it failed so, maybe questioning the presence of a tree and raccoon is having a surefire hit on your hands is a good idea.","If you liked Predator, Id recommend Predator 2, ignore the haters. Its more of the same. Macho leads who cant compete with the creature, quotable dialogue, balls out action, some great characters, nice kills, the occasional laugh, and a few new weapons for the Predator. I have no idea why it gets so much hate. Plus, Danny Glover, Gary Busey and Bill Paxton (RIP) are legends., Predator is an absolute classic. It's in my top 5 films of all time. A 10/10 film easy., It's one of the best movies ever","What kind of films do you watch? Plenty of those types of adventure/action movies you mentioned still have orchestral soundtracks. Hans Zimmer is just one example of a composer making music for orchestra., The very large majority of movies still have orchestral scores instead of rock and pop music. Do you watch like two movies a year or something? Lmao., Like someone else commented: orchestral scores for movies still exist, but what I think you're pining for are *thematic* scores","I think in essence it's just a really touching story about a woman, trying to save her family no matter what. Sounds corny af, but somehow they pull it off so well!, I feel like it tried to do so much at the same time that would be hard to pull off and it did it. By that I mean it tried to be a touching family drama, an absurd kung fu hustle, a serious and deep science fiction movie, a light hearted comedy, a cosmic love story","Alien. I got to see it in theaters on a re-release when I was like 10

I had never seen a sci-fi horror movie like that before.

Alien - horror - isolation - space. Remember - I'm 10 at this time.

The xenomorph was terrifying but what really scared me was  ash and how the company would be willing to let everyone die for their specimen.

From then on out I always loved the ""but humans are also monsters"" plot line of monster movies.

Also the face hugger to stomach explosion scene is insane - the world conjuring is perfect","Can't wait to watch them both. Schrader always brings maturity and nuance to her films, and Polley hasn't made a movie in years., Both have stacked AF casts., Jaws, just perfect film for me never get bored could watch it on repeat all day. And just recently got to finally watch it on the big screen in IMAX as I was too young in 75 for the cinema release, Synecdoche, New York (2008). It was one of the few movies that overwhelmed me emotionally, to a strictly personal level.

Definitely not for everyone, though. It's a very ""poetic"" movie after all.","I love this one too, especially the hanging tree singing scene - that being said, as a rule of thumb, I'm not usually a fan where they split books into 2 movies as it just never feels that the first 'ending' is as impactful as the other since it was never written that way in the first place., YES i've always thought this! It's my second favorite behind Catching Fire.  We get to really just hang out in the darkness of this war, PTSD, propaganda. Genuinely really well done. I enjoy the slower pace.","Damn no one told me this was a thing.after the credits?, I really expected that he will blow our minds..I mean he waited so many years for Part 2., I remember reading Cameron wanted the CGI technologies to catch up to his ""vision"". He's really making the best out of it., I really hope the remaster and rerelease The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas (2000) for the 25th anniversary in a couple of years. I feel like they could really crush it on the effects for the great gazoo., There are actually multiple different mid-credits scenes! I saw the re-release on my own a week ago (Monday)","This is what happens, Larry, Everyone always misquotes arguably the biggest plot twist in cinema history!, Call it., They're filming midgets!, Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room., No one listened to the smart lady. She and the cat are the only survivors., The women in this movie are quite two-dimensional - Hayworth, Monroe and Welch., [deleted], Death wants to bang, Dude tries to get compensated for his rug (which was micturated upon), Revenge of The Bride, 12 guys deciding the fate of a boi, Vote for Pedro, Im gonna get the shine box, get the shine box, As you wish.","The reason the last dance was so interesting was because we had 20+ years of hindsight after the fact to place the greatness within proper context. 

I like Steph and think hes a great player, but doing it now? Whats the point, I'm not allowed to type the title due to the auto-removal of any headline with ""underrated"" in it, Also likeyoull never believe the story of how a rich kid with and famous NBA father made it to the league lol. Im not sure itd be all that interesting to do his life story. Unless they take a different angle","SHIKAKA, My kiddo has been thoroughly enjoying all the awful comedies that didnt age well in her generation, kinda surprising. She even agreed Heavyweights is one of the best movies and like 90% of it is fat shaming children lol., Yes, Satan?, Bumblebee Tuna, I've seen the sequel a million times but I cannot for the life of me recall a homophobic joke. What was it?, Finkle is Einhorn is a great moment that always gives me a laugh  much like the he's a she, she's a he bit in Mrs Doubtfire. 

I quite Ace Ventura on the daily. Do not go in there!, Good news, we've seen it","It's called ""Marketing."", I mean whether its for press or not, the effects are glorious & disturbing. I knew what I was going into after the 1st movie, & even I had to stop eating my popcorn after the first few kills. If you love practical effects cant recommend enough., Well in the horror subreddit there's a bunch of hardened 
viewers of Martyrs, Cat III, French New Wave of Horror, Snowtown, etc who still think it's of the most (deliciously) outrageous things they've ever seen, myself included.

So no","Youre not an idiot but these are super well known among fans of Westerns and cinephiles generally, In part, it may be because it isn't a real trilogy. They are three movies without any true continuity between them. This is particularly obvious when the same actors show up in later films playing different characters. It was a marketing decision to release them in the U.S. as ""The Man with No Name Trilogy."" TGTBATU stands on its own, which it should, given that it is actually set many years before the events of the other two.","I think at least some of what you're feeling right now has to do with the fact that most stories are derivative of something you've already seen.

It's funny when I see my young nieces and nephews getting really stoked about some movie that they think is totally original, and it's really just something that's been rehashed dozens of times already. And it's not just the plot outlines, but also the archetypes that we see over and over again. As we get older, it becomes more difficult for us to be surprised by something we haven't seen before., Sounds like you're fine with new movies","""Bye bye daddy! I'm going to get a jobby!"" The amount of times Tom Green calls Rip Torn ""daddy"" in the movie is an achievement all on its own., Im the backwards man, I only see one Labaron Freddie. Where's your Labaron?, Hey dad were in PAKISTAN! Should be a more iconic line

Rip Torn is a national treasure 

These are my thoughts on Freddy Got Fingered, I can appreciate this. In some ways I think Tom Green was a little before his time. We werent ready., Daddy, would you like some sausage?, All of the Jewels, You can stick it in your bum bum., Red Letter Media did a brilliant Re:view on it.","""Sure, it's Mathew McConaughey"" 

Did I miss something or did we all of the sudden agree on Matthew McConaughey being a bad actor? 

The bland performance could be because Gary Oldman is a dwarf and the movie is terrible., Supposedly the original cut is an hour longer., I love all of Bright's works, but Tiptoes is still the one I haven't seen. Well, watched a bit then had to do other stuff, but as far as I could tell it had all his hallmarks that make me like him.

I'll finish it tonight, ty for the reminder!","I agree about the rehearsed feeling of the raid, and have seen many share the same sentiment, so you're in no way alone. I still liked the movie, but it certainly could have been better., Yeah combat was a let down. That spear grab in the trailer was awesome but that was the best part., I thought the movie was decent on a very simple and basic level. I hope people aren't trying to add a bunch of hidden meaning to it. I think my expectations were definitely higher and this could've been a much better movie if made by someone else even with the same cast.","Aside from being an unrepentant asshole, he's just another director who enjoyed some critical success early in his career who has refused to evolve his craft to the point that it has become a detriment., Average film maker, exceptional asshole, I admittedly like some of his movies but the dude is also a cunt. 

The fact he has gotten chance after chance after some of the shit he's done and even admitted to doing is pretty gross., Being a dickhead to actors is one thing but dude straight up molested his niece. I dunno how he has a career after this.","The Rock, easily., Fargo. Although hormonal teenage years compelled me and my friends to rent and watch From Dusk til Dawn  well before I ever saw Fargo, Twister was certainly one I would religiously watch every summer once we owned it on VHS. So for nostalgic reasons, Id go with that one., The Ghost and the Darkness, Lone Star

apparently obscure enough it didn't make your list, Hard Eight. PT Anderson gets his start., Broken Arrow. Classic 90s, Definitely Fargo, and by a pretty far margin.  I love the 90s but 1996 was probably the weakest year.","Not sure about this one., Well that was a mistake, I wonder if the trope will be less piled on if this becomes the norm because at some point when something is corrected to a certain extent, previous examples of it being the standard thing isn't so egregious.

Take for example damsels in distress. When have we last had one that at the very least, didn't crack jokes about it, if not saved herself? This makes ones that did exist not as bad, because it's no longer all there is. To me that's the worst thing about tropes, when they have no counterpoint. Otherwise they have a place.","12 angry men would be difficult to extract from its moment in time- it's still as relevant today as it was then, and exists as a great example of how art can transcend time., Im not a huge Sorkin fan but I could 100% see even a more-or-less straight remake working well with his style. Though the story is didactic enough maybe having Sorkin would just go too much in that direction, whereas a subtler touch could find fresher nuances., This is a great idea. I can feel the tension already. We already know what Aaron can do with 5 people, imagine fucking 12!","> America Ferrera will star alongside Paul Dano, Seth Rogen, Sebastian Stan, Pete Davidson, Shailene Woodley, Anthony Ramos, Vincent DOnofrio, Dane DeHaan & Myhala Herrold in DUMB MONEY. The film follows the chaos from GameStop stock skyrocketing due to Reddit.

This cast is insanely stacked, Bull fucking shit they're making a gamestop movie, Does anyone the real reason she left Superstore?, Yea, but its not going to get the story right at all,
Mostly because its not over","I havn't seen anyone mention Bladerunner.  Roy ""I want more life fucker""  Batty., Halloween Kills i wanted Michael to kill every moron in Haddonfield, Dark shadows, Eva green is too damn charismatic, That's an odd take on The Ghost and the Darkness, considering it's a historical film that like the real event it is based on, has neither villains nor good guys. All you have is the protagonist, John Henry Patterson (played by Val Kilmer), and the drama he experienced in the events involving the man-eating Tsavo lions. It's not a good guy versus bad guy story","Wasn't that movie part of the Dark cinematic universe, where the mummy remake killed the universe before it really started?, Because it bombed domestically, generated little fan buzz, and then the Mummy bombed even harder and killed off the whole franchise., That's why they had the modern day scene at the end, to set it up as a movie series., Mostly because it bombed and wasn't reviewed all that well. And on top of that the utter failure of the new Dark Cinematic Universe made it a no-go for the studio.","I think at least some of what you're feeling right now has to do with the fact that most stories are derivative of something you've already seen.

It's funny when I see my young nieces and nephews getting really stoked about some movie that they think is totally original, and it's really just something that's been rehashed dozens of times already. And it's not just the plot outlines, but also the archetypes that we see over and over again. As we get older, it becomes more difficult for us to be surprised by something we haven't seen before., Sounds like you're fine with new movies",">they're on the train with this Italian crazy dude, MI SCUSI

Only realized on our most recent watch that the MI SCUSI dude was Fred Armisen, This is a good theory, but I'm pretty sure in the behind-the-scenes Eli Roth says that he got the idea from visiting a real website on the dark web that let people volunteer to be murdered, ensuring their family was paid a large sum of money., Gotta love that exchange rate!

I can confirm, btw, that at the time, that was only a slight exaggeration.  No","The reason the last dance was so interesting was because we had 20+ years of hindsight after the fact to place the greatness within proper context. 

I like Steph and think hes a great player, but doing it now? Whats the point, I'm not allowed to type the title due to the auto-removal of any headline with ""underrated"" in it, Also likeyoull never believe the story of how a rich kid with and famous NBA father made it to the league lol. Im not sure itd be all that interesting to do his life story. Unless they take a different angle","SHIKAKA, My kiddo has been thoroughly enjoying all the awful comedies that didnt age well in her generation, kinda surprising. She even agreed Heavyweights is one of the best movies and like 90% of it is fat shaming children lol., Yes, Satan?, Bumblebee Tuna, I've seen the sequel a million times but I cannot for the life of me recall a homophobic joke. What was it?, Finkle is Einhorn is a great moment that always gives me a laugh  much like the he's a she, she's a he bit in Mrs Doubtfire. 

I quite Ace Ventura on the daily. Do not go in there!, Good news, we've seen it","People cheer on John Wick slaughtering 80 guys over a dog.

Movies allow us to endulge in revenge fantasies. A movie *isn't* a courtroom. People who ""support"" Amy would still find her guilty if put on a jury., i mean people think homelander did nothing wrong, people love Rorschach  too, Palpatine did nothing wrong the jedi are evil, so yes there are people who side with Amy, It's mostly a meme. See also - https://twitter.com/TitlesInMedia/status/1550538660440772608?t=mQEci6pb8Lh8VBUiCgfwDg&s=19","The third film, the studio didn't trust Fincher enough, and messed with the film. The extended cut is a better film, albeit the sound is rubbish.  
Resurrection was written by Joss Whedon and directed by a guy who was pretty much the opposite of the style of screen play that was written. Probably a fair bit of interference too. Could have been a good film., Hollywood not knowing when to stop 
That happened, when the best thing about an Alien film is a robot teaching another robot to play the flute you know somethings wrong","I think its interesting that people always associate Michael Beihn with Aliens and Terminator; when I first saw Tombstone I said something closer to oh, thats Navy Seal from the Abyss., Tombstone is a hammy action western.  I think Kilmer defined the Doc Holliday role (whether or not it's historically accurate), and Biehn is fantastic as his antagonist, but I don't know if Tombstone is really a good enough movie overall to have gotten them that recognition.

As much as I enjoy Tombstone, it's hard to overlook the fact that the Third Act is little more than an extended montage","Absolutely amazing movie, loved the cinematography. Won national award too which is great., first time hearing that name. i will watch it if i  had time, oka., What languages is it available in, Multiple languages. But file on youtube has subtitles, There was a big discussion thread about it when the movie came out:

https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/xrp9v6/official_discussion_smile_spoilers/, I really enjoyed it, and with the movie currently still touting cinema screens, it's still a very popular horror popcorn movie. It resonates with mental health","You say good performance, then mention Jai Courtney., You probably have to sell your soul to get uber famous, Lots of well regarded TV actors fell short in their attempts to become movie stars. George Clooney, John Travolta, Sally Field, Cher, Woody Harrelson, Denzel Washington are the exception - not the rule.

Look at Don Johnson, Mark Harmon, David Caruso, Shelly Long, Claire Danes, Ted Danson, Tom Selleck -  These were huge stars in television and had much bigger followings in the 80s and 90s than anyone today - and their success in movies was modest at best., Nicole Beharie.",">And they all go off carrying torches and pitchforks, looking for someone that no one has described.

Pretty sure this is how a lot of real life lynch mobs formed too., Its discussed on the commentary, and Im trying to remember what was said. Let me pull it up and see.

Ok: So, in the shooting script, the mother may have seen that it wasnt an accident and that it was in fact, a murder","The first Borat movie had people howling with laughter. I've never seen anything like it even on stand up arena tours. I'm also innthe UK by the way and I can't imagine anything worse than people clapping etc in the cinema., Two biggest reactions Ive been a part of was opening night audiences for:

The Phantom Menace

The Force Awakens

As toxic as Star Wars fans can tend to be, a return after a lengthy hiatus is electric., Opening day of ""The Empire Strikes Back"". Standing and cheering during Hoth, Asteroid Field, and Luke/Vader fight. And gasps and screams at ""the reveal"".","come and get your love - guardians of the galaxy, Obviously the use of ""Long Tall Sally"" in Predator is legendary. It just rocks so hard on that airplane in such a tense and macho moment when they are going to attack an unknown enemy.

In Silence of the the Lambs, when the woman gets kidnapped they play  ""American Girl"" including the line ""if she had to die... "" line in it.

Pretty much all the songs in Dirty Dancing are used to perfect effect","Its an art house action movie, which is a rare combo. Well acted, well written, and extremely well shot, but it might be a little inaccessible if youre looking for a more traditional historical adventure movie. Or if you dont like watching shirtless Ethan Hawk act like a wolf, farting around with his equally shirtless son., The cinematograpyh was wonderful.   
The historically accurate portrayal of the customs of the Northmen was pretty good.  
But i didn't like the plot because overall it was a dull revenge epic., Aint no Conan the Barbarian, but pretty good.","Reality has been far weirder than any movie this decade..., Another Round

Dune

Everything Everywhere All at Once

Palm Springs

Possessor

Prey

Mad God

The Batman

The Green Knight

Top Gun: Maverick, The French Dispatch

The Worst Person in the World

Drive My Car

Days (Tsai)

Parallel Mothers

Another Round

Tenet","Never seen a Jake Gyllenhall role that I didn't like, he's great. I mean, not every movie he's been in is great, but he always brings the goods, Definitely in my top 10. The scene where Riz is renegotiating his salary is one of my all-time favorites., I could get behind a mini series, like 6 - 8 episodes to let him really get into some shit., Great to see Rudderless getting mentioned. I loved that film and I never see it get brought up.","I mean this is a horror movie, it's hard to argue otherwise. It isn't my cup of tea necessarily -- stuff featuring Art the Clown too mean spirited for me, like way over the top --  but this is a horror flick., Slashers are a subtype of horror film. Terrifier 2 being more violent than the horror films you're accustomed to doesn't make it any less of a horror film., This is a sequel not even the first... what did you expect from art the clown..., It is a horror movie, and if anything it's got too much plot., it is horror, Torture porn is my least favorite type of movie., Thanks for the heads up","Looks like a fun movie, I got to meet Greg a few months ago. Hes a super nice guy. Looking forward to this film, Little bit cringe but it seems to have a good message. If you're christian you should allow whoever in your church. Down south a ton of churches are like that. Don't want their definition of  weirdos there. So yeah, it makes a neat point, [deleted], I can't wait to hear this reviewed on God Awful Movies., They ""should"" not allow anyone or anybody, they should stop their propaganda and indoctrunation and die out","A weird and off-putting movie from the guy who made The Witch and the Lighthouse?  I'm shocked, shocked I say!, Whether you enjoyed it or not, we're still talking about a movie where the big finale is two naked dudes having a sword fight on an erupting volcano.

For the record, I loved this movie. Every minute of it., I loved this movie.  Then again, I knew what I was getting into., An incredible piece of art., I hope I never get so boring that I have to describe a movie as ""a little bit much""., I flippin' love it. I like it when art goes ""too far"".","High Fidelity. It has Jack Black in it, so it's a must watch., The Talented Mr. Ripley and/or Gattaca., Dark city!!, **One of the best movies of the 1990s - and I have found few people have seen is ""Grosse Point Blank""**

John Cusack plays a international hit-man who goes back to his 10th high school reunion.  Great cast, Mimi Driver, Dan Ackroyd (practically steals the movie), Alan Arkin - one of the greatest actors of the 20th century.

Funny as shit, will make you laugh your ass off, and the sound track is all great 80s music, Clash, Echo & Bunnymen","The dialogue is really special.  My favorite line was used at the end when he discovered the wind moving through his shell. He says something like I enjoy just sitting and listening to myself.. just enjoying my sound.  Or something but the clear meaning being learning to accept and love yourself  is delivered sooo well and cute. This movie is therapy, https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/vtzd6m/official_discussion_marcel_the_shell_with_shoes/, Loved it!  Watched it on my flight home from Rome.","[deleted], All I'm gonna say it's about time we get to see films released first here in Ireland!, Probably not til mid November is my guess, On October 27th it opens a few miles from me.  It is opening at the same theater that I watched Tar at yesterday.  Tar was at 36 movie theaters nationwide and adds more that a hundred on Friday.  If Tar opened near you last Friday then Banshee will almost certainly be near you on October 27th.  Banshee will probably expand faster than Tar so it might go wide on the 27th but this weekends per theater box office will determine how quick it goes wide.","It's the ultimate ""slice of life"" and ""Americana"" film. The combined experiences of Forrest and Jenny mirror a lot of the touchstones of the Boomer experience in America. It taps into the same nostalgia vein for that generation that so much of 80's nostalgia tries to for Xer's and early Millennials., When the movie came out it was based on events the target audience lived through. It made for an easy-to-watch relatable movie about a well-developed character. The cultural relevance is also assisted by being a very quotable movie which helped it maintain that relevancy throughout the years.","In our hearts he never left. Also your friend is reneging. Purchase a sledge hammer., In my opinion he's almost back. I'd say if he stars in 2 big budget movies in one year then he's back., Alexia - play ""Back in Black"" by AC/DC, https://youtu.be/kvYThm2Ddpg, He's been cast in several big projects in film and television. His performance in The Whale will probably earn him at least an Oscar nomination and he'll get plenty of big roles in future projects out of that. Considering nobody was interested in casting him in anything 4/5 years ago I'd say that can be considered a comeback, Doom Patrol","I mean, yes is the short answer.

The long answer:

EA would need to sell the rights to a studio, that's easy enough, both companies like money and pre-existing IP's often equal easy money.

And distribution is easy enough for major studios.

Carpenter is keen so he seems like an obvious choice as long as he's still fit to do it (dude is hella old) and the studio can match his price, so that's not a huge roadblock.

A good screenwriter? now that's probably the hardest part of this. You may have to settle for a bad screenwriter","Casper., Also the old school Universal Monsters movies. Like Frankenstein., Ernest scared stupid. This was my entry to horror movies as a kid, The Ghost And Mr. Chicken., Monster house I think it was called. It was a kids cgi movie but I remember it being kinda scary for kids, ParaNorman...its animated, but still gives you a somewhat scary movie that won't damage too much if its too much for her., Over the Garden Well is a miniseries but can be watched back to back like a movie. It not scary but has just the right amount of spookiness for a young kid. And its beautiful to look at and hear.","The Red Violin I think you will like the movie, If you have the full day, both Blade Runners might be awesome and you won't get many chances to go that back to back. And then you can jump from there to 2001, to Nolan, to Dune, and play around.

Wolf of Wall Street would be my pick though. Only one more year left of it being the best movie of the last 10 years. Plus, the 35th birthday of Black Monday was just a few days ago. On top of being an excellent movie, it's hilarious. And it's also got a 3 hour runtime, so opportunities to sit and watch it start to finish aren't plentiful.","Can it really be a plot twist if the twist is literally telegraphed in the first thirty seconds of the opening narration by basically putting a neon sign over them being TWINS., I thought it was enjoyable but like others have said it wasn't very subtle., It was obvious. That's how it's supposed to work. The movie peppered in clues throughout so people can see it coming. If it was an out of nowhere twist, people would feel cheap and hate it., I was 20 minutes into the movie when I realized what was happening.","[deleted], Jurassic Park - where the embryo container falls - but it wasn't a real set-up. I just thought it would be hah., Several movies left the door open for a sequel, but you never knew if one was actually coming or not. But then when Matrix Reloaded came out, it was the first ""To Be Continued..."" movie I ever saw. I was so pissed because not only did the movie suck, but I didn't even get a real ending to the story., Flash Gordon- The End? *cue* Mings evil laugh., James Bond movies all end with a tag that Bond will return in another movie. They even tell you the title of the next movie.",">caused Walt Disney Studios to lose $85 million 

Production budget 

\+ marketing budget 

\- box office receipts 

= negative $$ 

= flop, You have the math right in there though. They did spend that much on marketing because it's Pixar-- they expect all their movies to be worth the investment. 

The Good Dinosaur was extremely mediocre though lol, so it's not surprising it didn't do that well., The studio doesnt keep 100% of ticket sales.

It might keep 60% in US receipts and (at best) 40% of international receipts.

123.1 * .6 = 73

209 * .4 = 83

73 + 83 = 156

So","Just what corporations all need, more pals of presidents elevated to VP positions. If there's anything lacking in corporations, it's VPs., Hopefully they start making good shit, >If there's anything lacking in corporations, it's VPs.

This user Corporates., In simple terms

A movie should generally make 2-2.5 times it's budget to be considered a hit.

In the case of The Good Dinosaur, since it didn't do make at least $500-600 Mil, it was considered a box office disappointment.","I haven't seen the theatrical cut but the director's cut (Dark) is pretty interesting, if not a -great- movie. It's worth watching just to check out the editing and structure, just be aware going in that at times it's more in line with a Nic Cage Direct-to-video movie than something like First Reformed or The Card Counter., It is Nic Cage trash and Schrader hasn't made anything worth watching since 1980., >If there's anything lacking in corporations, it's VPs.

This user Corporates.","8 more days 'til Halloween, Halloween, Halloween;

8 more days 'til Halloween, Silver Shamrock..., ...when I saw that [the Internet demanded](https://www.flickeringmyth.com/2022/10/reshoot-halloween-ends-is-the-latest-hilarious-petition-to-hit-the-internet/) that this last Halloween get filmed again, I thought of this movie, and I laughed a little reddit laugh., I rewatched this movie several times fueled by my gay crush on Tom Atkins. Oh, and the fact that The Movie Channel aired it frequently when I was a kid.","USSR family:

The Mirror

Ivans Childhood

Cultural Revolution:

Farewell My Concubine, The Worst Person in the World, Downfall was a good German film about Hitlers last days in his bunker. It had some Russians in it as they were invading Germany at the time.","Spoiler alert: this movie exists., Who's gonna tell 'em?, [deleted], Joke?, https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0905372/, Theyre Norwegians, Mac., LMAO This has to be a troll right? How can someone be so wrong and so ignorant in so few words? 1- The people you're talking about are Swedish, they're Norwegian. 2- The movie already exists, it's a prequel called The Thing (2011) and it ends where the first movie starts., How embarrassing for you.., Shhh nobody tell em, I enjoyed the prequel. It's not better than the original but a great companion piece, https://imgur.com/a/RB76HbZ","John Travolta - Battlefield Earth, Ben Stiller: Little Fockers, Arnie in Junior.

Wtf was he thinking?, The Mummy was supposed to be part of a later-abandoned franchise revival of new takes on Universal Studios monsters like Dracula, the Wolfman et al, but the whole concept fizzled when the movie sank. Cruise did seem more humorless than usual, which didn't help. I think it was a checkbook movie for him, so he was grimly professional but did not add any movie star sizzle otherwise.","Twilight Zone, 2019 version, Season 2 Episode 2, Downtime., Skyline?, Time trap?, Nope, Looks like the person commenting Twilight Zone might be right?

https://www.reddit.com/r/tipofmytongue/comments/u719rz/tomt_movie_clip_where_if_you_look_at_a_giant_eye/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button, Bird Box?, Birdbox, Reading the title, I pictured the ending of The Shining., nooo its not that one either but the plot is similar in having to not look at something, Travolta - The Fanatic (2019)

Even worse than Battlefield Earth.","No, No.

Saved you a click., Well they told him not to go angering those swamp Gypsies down in nawlens. Man went and done got himself voodood., Holy fuck is that site difficult to read.  So much bullshit clutter!, No, of course not.  All told, the production of a film takes around 2 years (pre-production, filming and post-production) and there are literally hundreds of people working on any given film; both cast and crew.  Therefore, it's only natural, by way of the law of averages, that a few bad things are going to occur during that period of time to some of those hundreds of people","Usual Suspects

Opening sets the film up nicely, great twist at the end. Middle act is forgettable., Rogue One, Halloween Kills. I know what they were going for, but the second act is either overwritten/under directed. 

Theres a good film hiding in there. Just trim the hospital scenes., I guess this will ruffle some feathers cause some people consider Shaun of the Dead to be the perfect Edgar Wright movie, but I think those people forget the mid-film slump (Hot Fuzz is the perfect Edgar Wright  movie)., Close Encounters.

Love the beginning and end","Not quite an epic in scope, but The Last Duel is another Ridley-helmed historical drama, and very very good.

You could also try the 2015 Macbeth adaptation. It has a flinty bleakness which The Northman reminded me of at points., The 13th Warrior is my recommendation. Based on a book by Michael Crichton called Eaters Of The Dead. This remarkabletrue story originated from actual journal entries of an Arab man who traveled with a group of Vikings throughout northern Europe.","I love how this could be a serial killer full of blood and they will still have a dance number singing to the camera., Hold up, India makes so many movies and has been for decades, this is the first one with a werewolf?, Nice, This movie is part of Bollywoods horror comedy universe with the Stree movie, A werewolf movie with songs? yeah.... Only Indian cinema can make it work! Genius!!, Theres no known market for these kinds of movies in India, so this is considered very experimental., There have been b-grade horror movies with werewolf like creatures.","Watership Down. Scarred me for life, In the 90s there was a cartoon called toxic avengers. I barely remember what the plot of the cartoon was. 
My mom knowing I was a huge fan of the cartoon found a live action version that was made in the 80s and she bought it for me (6 years old maybe)

Turns out the movie has some questionable language and nudity within the first 15 minutes. 

Theres a scene where a couple is having sex, my mom jumped up and turned off the movie before I could even understand what happened On screen. It was hilarious","Set it Up (2018) was really fun, and so was The Lost City (2022) with Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum. But one of my favorite rom coms of all time is Always Be My Maybe (2019), that's a must watch imo!, Rosaliine was a lot more fun than I expected it would be., Crazy Rich Asians

Last Christmas

Long Story Short

Fire Island

The Big Sick

Finding Your Feet, Paul Thomas Anderson's **Licorice Pizza** has a light, wandering, inventive warmth., Crazy Rich Asians is one I enjoyed., All three To All The Boys movies on Netflix. 
Let it Snow also on Netflix., Plus One is pretty great.","This happened to me with capt Phillips. It was very interesting to be one with the crew and not know what the Somali pirates are saying., District 9, not knowing what the aliens were saying really made the plot more interesting., I watched Apocalypto without subtitles.  I had heard that Gibson wanted to do Passion without subtitles, so I thought he had actually went for it in this movie.  Surprisingly, I really enjoyed it without understanding any of the actual language.","Watch the first Rocky at least once and then Rocky IV everyday for the rest of your life., I avoided the first for the longest time because I thought what the sequels were (Pretty dumb, sweaty and odd *eyes the robot in IV*) the first one shared, but it turned out to be nothing like I was imagining and I loved it. II is more of the same but that stops pretty much until the movies in the franchise we've had this century.

But I noticed by then when you watch them you're very invested","Its already tied to III as both films featured cameo appearances from Michael Myers., Busta Ryhmes as Cochran, Would had tied into the ""evil is like an infection"" theme that the movie (which I liked!) aimed for., Halloween Ends was a straight up fuckin CLOWN FIESTA., Probably for the best., Would have loved that. I didn't even hate Halloween Ends and I find it funny Green was willing to make 80% of the movie about an all-original","Carlo actually was having an affair, it wasn't a ruse., >that just sounds like domestic violence with extra steps

Mortimer Smith probably, But if Carlo was actually having an affair, why did you need to wait for the wife to discover the affair first, before tricking Sonny into coming to see her alone?

Why did the villain say, we can't kill Sonny now, we must wait until after Connie's wife discovers the affair?, Because Connie tells Sonny which is why his famous temper gets the better of him and he leaves the compound without bodyguards leading to his murder at the toll booth","Not to sound all JD Salinger about it, but an adaptation of Catcher in the Rye seems like a bad idea. What makes the book special is so distinctly literary, I have a hard time believing it could be adapted to live action properly.  I could see a story about Franny & Zooey/The Glass Family working better, although we might just end up with remaking the Royal Tennenbaums.

I'd love to see Ray Bradbury's The Martian Chronicles get remade. I think it would work well as  a three-hour Altman-esque ensemble story. Maybe we can talk PTA into doing some science fiction.","Timecode (2000), The series ""24"" is renowned for this split screen technique and they employ it frequently. Sometimes it works well, other times, not quite as well. You may get some tips if you suffer through some episodes of that. In college one of the other groups made a film in this style and for the most part it looked great, but it was distracting at times and difficult to keep focused on any one of the panels. They found it a fine line balancing the action","Return of the Living Dead.

It's more of a horror comedy than a traditional zombie movie, but the zombies are definitely not generic. They can speak, set traps, work together, and quickly swarm people. The way that the zombie outbreak starts is definitely unique, and the characters are as creative as they can be and at least 'try' to continue to adapt to the outbreak. The acting is all over the place, and some of the special effects are laughably bad, but overall it's one of the better zombie movies., Train to Busan!!!!","r/tipofmytongue is perfect group for this! Those sleuths can find almost anything!, Pretty sure that is Gorky Park., thanks.. I'll post my question there, too.., thank you for your comment.. it's not gorky park, but I still might watch it, though..

it's actually ""after the fox""

thanks.., Juan de los Muertos..., **Comedies:** 

Shaun of the Dead","I think Adam Driver would be fantastic in 12 Angry Men. Matthew Macfadyen too, Kermit the Frog

Gonzo

Fozzie Bear 

Zoot

Statler

Waldorf

Dr Bunsen Honeydew 

Sam the Eagle

Beaker

Scooter

Sweetums 

Animal, I'm assuming it would be present day, mixed gendered","> - Visual effects and cinematography

I mean, one is live action from the 50s, the other is animation. Why would anyone compare this aspect?, Ten Commandments is a great film. Truly epic filmmaking., Watched prince of Egypt last night and it so good, aged like wine too, I do prefer Prince of Egypt, it's a personal favorite, but Ten Commandments is an absolute banger with a superb cast and legendary director.

People who might watch it and look down on it really haven't seen a limp and lifeless religious epic like The Greatest Story Ever Told.","They didn't give refunds?

lol wtf, I've seen the movie. Where did your screening cut off?, Just came in to say sorry this happened. Saw it yesterday, GREAT movie. Saw Aftersun following Banshees and I swear if THAT cut out during the final 10, I'd have killed someone., This happened to me and my girlfriend when we went to see The Dark Knight, Start a scene where you yell about the final reel. Either they have it or not, Yeah, I used to work at a theater.  You can get a refund if you want","The ending doesnt make any sense at all. She stares down the dad and then goes home? The kids go back home to their abusive father? Why would one of the 4 adults go with her?, I loved the movie a lot, but it's also not one where I really care too much about any world-building issues or minor plot holes. It wasn't something I watched for the world building or an airtight plot. I would say for a lot of the problems you bring up, I don't really mind/notice them because I think the films worked better on a thematic level as a result. For example","I ask myself 2 simple questions:

1) Do I want to see this movie?

2) Would I prefer seeing in in theaters?

If I answer yes to both, I go., I'm a simple man. I like seeing movies on a big screen., I want the following:  absolutely zero commercials. A red curtain that doesnt rise until the 2 or 3 previews are shown, then the film.  Also, healthy snack options., Keep people quiet, Mads Mikkelsen, Authentic emotional expression through the use of visuals, music","Payback, The Man From Nowhere, Blue Ruin, Wrath of Man. Came out last year, Jason Statham goes ballistic, very similar to John Wick imo, Man on Fire, Denzel Washington.  if you haven't seen that,  you're in for a treat., You can always check out the Charles Bronson *Death Wish* films., Mandatory Shawshank Redemption and Count of Monte Cristo comment, ""I Saw The Devil"".
Korean. Gruesome, but brilliant. 
Good theme for a Halloween season if you do such things.
Either way, a great flick., Dead Man's Shoes. You gotta love Paddy Considine., The Revenant, Law abiding citizen","Payback, The Man From Nowhere, Blue Ruin, Wrath of Man. Came out last year, Jason Statham goes ballistic, very similar to John Wick imo, Man on Fire, Denzel Washington.  if you haven't seen that,  you're in for a treat., You can always check out the Charles Bronson *Death Wish* films., Mandatory Shawshank Redemption and Count of Monte Cristo comment, ""I Saw The Devil"".
Korean. Gruesome, but brilliant. 
Good theme for a Halloween season if you do such things.
Either way, a great flick., Dead Man's Shoes. You gotta love Paddy Considine., The Revenant, Law abiding citizen","2 is one of the funniest movies in history, The evil dead is and has always will be creepy as fuck everything from the tree scene to the possesed  gigglng girlfriend it fucking wrecked me ....it's a freaking masterpiece of a horror film,  2 and 3 are also really good and hilarious, The original will always be one of my favorites. Even though the sequel is superior, some of the most iconic images that pop to mind when I think of the horror genre all come from this movie - the isolated cabin, the POV demon, the possessed girl sticking her head out of the cellar","Dread, Snowpiercer is literally that idea but humanity is stuck on a train. Very good movie, Did not think it was going to happen for real, but theres drone footage of it being under construction., Snowpiercer, Elysium., i had the same idea about ir, but i considered a mockumentary, Construction is [underway](https://images.app.goo.gl/9azchbCM5Fdoq4AA7), High Rise, Theres a similar movie set in a prison called the platform.  Its a vertical prison and the inmates at the top get fed and the inmates below dont, I forgot about that one, watched it for the first time a few weeks ago and loved it","Paul Giamatti. Sideways, Toni Collette - Hereditary

Ryan Gosling - Lars and the Real Girl/The Nice Guys 

Clive Owen - Children of Men

Renate Reinsve - The Worst Person in the World

Anders Danielsen Lie - Oslo, 31 August

Kirk Douglas - Ace in Hole

Ingrid Bergman - Notorious, Kenneth Branagh, Othello

Ian McKellen, Richard III

Reese Witherspoon, Freeway

Jeremy Renner, Wind River

Jack Lemmon, Glengarry Glen Ross

Harrison Ford, The Mosquito Coast

Ben Affleck, Hollywoodland

Nicole Kidman, Destroyer, Brie Larson, Short Term 12

Ben Foster, 3:10 to Yuma","Buther boy?, The Devil's Backbone ?, The Good Son? I've never seen it but remember considering renting it from Blockbuster, Its a long shot but your description of troubled kid in Catholic school made me think of Simon Birch., Yeah I dont think so lol this was more of a pg movie. Although PG in the 90s was far more crude than today lol, No lol its not a horror movie, No lol Ive seen that too. Def not that one., Nah def not. Know that movie all too well., Oh man, one quick Google search and Mikio Naruse's body of work looks straight up my alley. Thanks!","If you are portraying an actual person nothing wrong with having the actor speak like the person, Can't wait for a Queen Elizabeth movie with a southern accent., ""Blonde"" is probably a bad hill to die on with this.  Monroe was a real person with a very distinctive voice.  De Armas is playing her but sounds all wrong.  

Gary Oldman wouldn't have an Oscar today if he couldn't do at least a passable imitation of Churchill's voice., Everytime I see one of these I wonder if they understand what acting is.","Oh christ, articles like this. The end of movies. The end of work. The end of offices. The end of news. The end of religion. The end of local economies. The end of global economies. The end of paper money. The end of irony. The end of comedy. The end of truth. The end of advertising. The end of normal. The end of avocados. 

If I had a nickel, ffs., This is literally the same as those people that have been carrying signs that read the end is nigh for thousands of years. Other examples: Teslas will be fully self driving next year, Star Citizen is really close to being done.","""Film received very little publicity as Smith requested we ""Keep my movie's name out your fuckin mouth!""

Thanks to u/accordse1997 and u/JackfromShellknob for the awards!, Critiques all agree, this film slaps!, Will be interesting to see how his first movie release goes. Im guessing there will be a rise in the slap videos again and wont go well. I dont know if I want it to go bad, good or just dont care, Based on these first impressions I predict that Will Smith will be mentioned a lot at the next academy awards ceremony., I'm just waiting for the Will Smith biopic starring Chris Pratt","Kobayashi is one of my all-time favourite side characters in movies. He only has two major scenes - the pool room, and the office/elevator scene, and Pete Postlethwaite demands complete attention in both.

*""No matter. Kill away, Mr. McManus.""*, The writer of this article seems like they are (likely deliberately) ignoring key plot points. Primarily, that KS spins the tale to frame Gabriel Byrne's character as KS, thereby making KS ""disappear"" yet again. Without doing that, Verbal can't mislead the cops. (Also, if Verbal, a low level con artist","Itll be weird when in 30 years they remake these movies again but animated, They continue to remake animated films in live action and completely miss the fact that the medium of animation is what  gives the characters their recognizability and magic., Another disney live action remake nobody wanted and when it fails they're going to blame the toxic mermaid fandom., I saw fan art where she had the braids but a deeper bright red and it looked way better than this washed out dull color, the red hair is what is so iconic about Ariel. I don't understand Disney","I still get a kick out of Lena Dunham writing that article whining that OBJ didnt hit on her at some event., Lena Dunham is trying really hard to not make nepotism the worst thing about her, Catherine Called Birdy is legit one of my favorite books, I loved it when I was a young reader. Birdy was really a spunky little shithead. Would love to see a film adaptation of it if made by the right people.

But Lena Dunham is a shit human being so nope., Oh but I love the novel!!  I was a middle school English teacher for 30 years","I remember at the discussion panel at Harvard for Justin Lin's fast & furious prequel, Better Luck Tomorrow. Critics were saying how his characters didn't act like your stereotypical asian boys, and why he would depict them in such a negative light. Roger Ebert ended up defending Lin and his movie saying ""Asian American characters have the right to be whoever they hell they want to be. They dont have to represent their people!"", Countless of movie/TV shows portrait Asians very poorly (house full of japanese style antique jars","I'm super out of the loop. Is this the same Batgirl film with JK Simmons as Gordon? As in, Snyderverse's Batgirl? 

Or is this set in another continuity?, I vaguely remember Alysia being introduced and then forgotten about shortly after...then we got Batgirl in Burnside lol., Alysia Yeoh is from Gail Simone's Batgirl run in 2011, so this trans character has been around for about 10 years now in the comicbooks., I mean if the character is trans in the comics then this shouldn't really be a big deal for people freaking out","The Oscars were only relatively ""cool"" back when movie stars were relatively cool, which was before they were in your face 365 days a year., i just like oscars to be a celebration of movies. idk what else the oscars could be, I wouldnt mind if they went back to the simpler, Billy Crystal type of show. Not desperately trying to bring in the younger crowd, let the winners talk, no cringy stunts. Maybe it wouldnt lead to bigger ratings, but at least itll be more dignified., Here's the problem:

>Los Angeles Times analysis found its median age to be 62","Billy Eichner is known for playing really obnoxious characters, why anyone would cast him as the lead in a rom-com is beyond me., It's just like holleywood to pass the blame onto the viewers for making a movie that flops., Ive never heard of this movie til the uproar, Comedies dont sell

  Comedies in October definitely dont sell

Billy Eichner does not sell 

Yes some people were turned off by the fact that its an LGBTQ+ film but theres many other reasons it flopped","The writer's review reads like someone who is astonished that a novel can serve as a basis for adaptation for a feature film., I dont know anything about the allegations against her, and I am not defending anything she may or may not have done.

I am here purely because I read the book when I was younger, and I never thought it would ever be adapted. So, I am interested to see how faithful this adaptation is. 

But, if youve never read the book and havent watched the movie, why are you even here? I sincerely doubt the majority of commenters have read the book or watched the movie.","[deleted], For thr love of God can you all stop posting this story?!?!!?, phew! 

the world can rest easy 

now she'll get her free gift bag, I'm sorry, what was the big deal behind this?, Ive seen more of this story than like anything else lol. Why is this like the 7th version of this headline Im seeing on my front page today, Who cares, What a win for latinx people. Meanwhile the rest of us Latinos dont really care., Twice as many people have written articles about this story than have seen this movie in a theater., Id be more impressed if she said no thanks, [deleted]","Cant be caught sexually harassing a female employee if there are no female employees.

*taps head.*, > In 1941, Walt Disney told his employees: ""I honestly believe [women] may eventually contribute something to this business that men never would or could.""


> ***But Disney's female animators found themselves working in a very hostile world.***

- With the release of **""Luck,""**the first foray into feature-length animation from Skydance, ***the world of animated cinema has another example of something we don't get all too often:*** **a female director (Peggy Holmes) helming the project.**","A good topic to discuss but that article is bad and difficult to read. Wow., I watched that whole documentary all the way through.  There was nothing toxic.  The only few things that showed any type of concern was the beginning of the company working out together to make something special, the huge jump to CGI after Jurassic Park, and George Lucas trying to find ways to help simplify the workload onto everyone.  It was a wonderful experience watching how everything came together for Star Wars and becoming a business.","As usual, folks, please report any racism/sexism/transphobia in the comments. Those comments, and the people who spout them, ***have no place here in /r/movies*** and that's final. 

Thank you., Because wokeism is real. Take the Witcher on Netflix for example, it is a book written by a Eastern European for Eastern Europeans based to Eastern European folk tales. Why the hell is the main evil sorceress Fringilla black? She stands out like a sore thumb. 

That would be like making a movie about African folk tales and making the actors Asian and white. 

It just doesnt work sorry.","Top Gun: Maverick glorifies the US military.

In other news, water is wet., Uh, this ""article"" is like 300 words long.  I'd hardly call it a ""great exploration,"" it barely covers anything.  Also it has a fundamental misunderstanding of international law:

>Currently, there are no international laws stating any specific country cant have any specific weapons to defend their borders","Man, that reads like a bad freshman college essay., >And the sad thing for me as just someone who enjoys villains is that a part of me truly enjoys the way in which characters like Emily and Catherine are able to manipulate seemingly more powerful people. I just wish that their sexuality wasnt such a coded part of their villainy, because even when we might hope society has outgrown seeing bisexual women as inherently devious, that stereotype comes back into the mainstream.

I want to have my cake, and eat it too., Its simple math, they get 2x the sex. /s","Other people's nitpicking doesn't affect my enjoyment of the movie., If the internet is full of film snobs why are the MCU films so popular online?, Hate to break it to you but when Spawn was released in 1997 it was almost universally loathed.

Also film criticism has always been a thing., I was with you, but Spawn wasn't ever a great movie.  Your post would resonate better if you'd picked a better 90s film., What a weird thing to be upset about. Roger Ebert begin his career as a film critic in the 60's, btw. He wasn't bitching about movies on the internet back then..
Movies are art","This is not news., What is this, 2014???, Meanwhile...

https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/movies/movie-news/china-box-office-loses-top-spot-1235175449/, Hollywood's only real care is money?!? Someone should warn the politicians!, Say what you will about the country, something like 18% of people live there. I don't think people who like money are going to ignore that market., Is it thou? I rarely see any Chinese or even Asian lead in any Hollywood movies, i mean","Shame the sequel was terrible,  it's a bit  premature to declare the greatest movie of the next 80 years..., I def liked it but cmon no way, lol what?, It isn't. It isn't even the best movie the year it came out., Even Guillmero del Toro knows this article is bullshit click bait, I probably wouldn't have it even top 15 of the century, Its not, No its fucking not lol who writes these, Mad Max: Fury Road has entered the chat, I need to watch this film again, because I saw it at the cinema and remember it being one if the worst films Ive ever seen, but so many people rave about it.","Not for nothing but this really does read like a 4000-word mash note from the author to Catherine Keener.

Which is fine, Keener is amazing and should be championed as one of the finest actors the indie renaissance of the 90s gave us (and she's never stopped turning in great work, either) but also - weird call to glue this overheated love letter to Keener to The Adam Project.

Like","Yall are nuts. This movie was a lot of fun. It was The Raid set in medieval times. Go back to watching your Francois Truffaut., >The soundtrack reuses the same Im not like other girls soundtrack weve gotten in every movie of this caliber for the last 30 years. The use of Bed Reputation while she fought a bunch of medieval soldiers felt like they were trying to be Shrek without anything that made Shrek good.

Hey there OP, are you SURE you watched the movie? You didn't just write this based on the trailer did you? I only ask because Bad Reputation isn't in the movie","I don't understand, no character in the original was specified as to who they want to be intimate with. Why add that?, The old one seemed pretty gay to me., Unless otherwise noted, I will assume all remakes with have LGBTQ representation., Emerald City is going to be a gay night club. Dorothy? Nah! I'm looking for Molly!, I cant possibly explain how much I dont care.

Not because of the LGBTQ thing, no no.

You lost at me Wizard of Oz Remake my friend., Why does Hollywood have the need to rehash and remake everything? It's as if we are trying to whore out everything for a profit.","The biggest problem is 90% of what people call plot holes, arent.  A character doing something out of character isnt a plot hole.  Something happening off screen isnt a plot hole.  But people have come to calling everything they dont like or disagree with in a film, a plot hole.

A genuine plot hole is something that, within the context of the universe/story, is impossible.  A character being in two places at the same time.  A destroyed weapon suddenly back in play, etc.","Its Drive, The Bourne Identity, Inception, Extraction & Casino Royale, This is an advertisement, if you're looking for a cinematic masterpiece with an original compelling story then yeah you're not going to enjoy The Gray Man. But I was looking for a new fun action flick and it certainly filled the need

side note, i absolutely LOVE Chris Evans as a bad guy. he was excellent in this role, I want to binge washing my eyes with holy water after seeing Chris Evans with those pornstashes., Man from Uncle, casino royale, Bourne trilogy,  Hanna, Kingsmen, From Russia with love","""At the time it wasn't anything special in of itself"" ""Your average summer popcorn flick""? ... what?

This is completely wrong. It was all the hype during that summer and everyone was talking about it, tons of people saw it multiple times. You should really do a bit more research before making these types of claims. Better luck next time., ""At the time it wasnt anything special""

I can assure you that this absolutely was not the case.  We saw things in this movie that we'd never","A few different factors. One is that studios focus more than ever on tent pole movies intended to make a billion dollars. PG-13 is how to do that, nudity and sex doesnt translate across cultures the way a giant fighting robot does, and international markets are basically what those tentpole movies are made for. Also, since home video and later the internet started to offer more niche content, major releases no longer had the pressure to deliver nipples., Well, back in the 80s they didn't have the internet, so many rated R movies had a secondary purpose.","I wasn't going to watch this movie anyway, and yet somehow now I'll not watch it even harder, How does a receipt for the film qualify as a release?  It feels like we are just taking the english language behind the woodshed in service to a shittier version of decentralized file storage.  
Edit: People have pointed out its not file storage and they are right, its crap at file storage, or storage in general!  Really bad cost overhead as more gets appended., I guess ill see it when it hits Amazon prime after selling hundreds of copies as an NFT, Embarassing, even for Kevin Smith.","Professional Diversity Enforcer: ""Diversity enforcement is good"", They dont actually care about diversity; its all about profits. If they did care about minorities, they wouldnt be subjugating their minority workers to terrible conditions and toxic workplaces.   People simply retort just get another job as if the alternatives dont offer as much pay and have the same terrible conditions. 

Amazon has ruined multiple small businesses","Real star studded cast here, Hiring Rob immediately tells me the kind of movie it will be., Rob Schneider probably isn't a selling point of anything for anyone., Sounds dreadful, Is this a headline for anyone?, Thanks for warning us, Rob Schneider is a reason NOT to watch this.  Has he ever been funny?, From the makers of ""Tum Ta Teetly Tum Ta Too"" and ""Der"", I wasn't going to watch this, but now I'm *DEFINITELY* not going to watch it, Fuck Rob Schneider..., Poor Isabella Gomez. I was a big fan of One Day At A Time on Netflix, she deserves better than acting alongside a stapler.","Halle Berry won my respect when she accepted her Razzle for Catwoman., Its time to stop writing articles that begin with Its time to stop., Kinda shocked to learn that Shelley Duvall was nominated for Worst Actress for The Shining. It was a raw, intense bravura performance in which she was dragged to Hell and back., [deleted], This article is badly written, poorly researched, and entirely misses the point. It claims the razzies are fatphobic, misogynistic","Your film selections of ""similar but better than Black Mirror"" aren't good comparisons. Black Mirror's premise is in the title. ""A dark reflection of our current reality, should we let certain technologies or ideas go morally unchecked."" It's an extrapolation of modern ideas & thinking gone too far.

Event Horizon, while a fantastic sci-fi horror film, is more about the dangers of ""playing God"" with the power of quantum physics. 

Being John Malkovich, also a great film","All of Tom Cruises protagonist characters feel like high functioning sociopaths who happened to decide in a cold/calculated manner that being a good guy served their purposes better than being evil.

This doesnt really detract from my watching experience  as the movies tend to be wildly entertaining and he leads the show really well.  The plot of amoral sociopath does good is just as entertaining as the alternative.  

But whereas someone like Ryan Goslings characters have a warmth to them, Cruises characters are always cold to me., This article is garbage. Typical Vox bullshit","I mean at this point I would have taken Siri reading out the winners, Translation: Maya Rudolph, Kristen Wiig, Amy Poelher, Tina Fey, Tiffany Haddish, Aubrey Plaza, Molly Shannon, Ali Wong, Ilana Glazer, Abbi Jacobson, Tig Notaro, Sarah Silverman, Nicole Byer, Chelsea Peretti, Hannah Gadsby, Sam Bee, Jessica Williams, Jenny Slate, Kate Mckinnon, Cecily Strong said no., Man they really dont want people to watch this., Fuck me dead, I thought they wanted ratings again. This is a terrible trio, Predicting the lowest viewership in Oscar history, Well, there's always next year","That sentence,  doesn't need a comma., Nicolas Cage. Good or bad? A challenge certainly, but not unsolvable., Aright Pedro Pascal, One thing I love about cage, he gives full effort. He comes to fucking ball out every single time, Jared Leto is one of the actors of all time, The comments on this post are a lot like Nicolas Cages career insofar as I find myself equal parts confused and enthralled., He can eat a peach for hours...

, Is he though, Abed?, One of really depends how on big of a list were talking about, The Cager only has two speeds, asleep, and I did too much cocaine today.","Taika Faitigi, Apart from love and thunder everything he has directed has ranged from really good to amazing. But yeah, recently the new Thor and his performance in Free Guy has put me off a bit, >He is involved in nearly everything I have been watching lately

You must not watch many things. In the last 3 years he has made 2 films, directed 5 episodes of TV shows and had bit/backup rolls parts in like 5 films, and stared in 1 TV show. This is likely less then 20 hours of stuff................for 3 years that is not much.","I have no idea if this bears relevance at all, but Come and See is a Belarusian movie and all of the Nazi museums I visited in that country don't use the term ""Nazi,"" they just call them ""fascists."" Less specific term, more broad ideology there, kinda weird, similar to what you're saying., OP thinks Nazis only killed Jews lol, It's not Jewish history dude","It takes a *real* big leap to assume that the Bride of Frankenstein refuses to be with The Monster for any other reason than he was you know a monster., I mean, I disagree with the analysis. I don't think James Whale thought as much about the bride considering he didn't really care about her at all. 

Literally cut her from the first film and tacked her on to the end of the movie named after her. His notebooks from the time also show an incredible lack of attention to it","Didnt The Northman bomb horribly? One of those, great movies nobody paid money to see?, 1.) the movies have been saved since March 2021

2.) The Northman bombed, Can banning shit opinion headlines like these save /r/movies?, Guys this isn't the title of the actual article (""What Top Gun: Maverick and The Northman Mean for the Movies"") and the article is talking about these movies in an aesthetic/artistic context","> **In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter published Wednesday, Schumer opened up about her departure from the film, explaining that her vision ultimately didn't align with Sony's.**
> 
> > ""They definitely didn't want to do it the way I wanted to do it, the only way I was interested in doing it,"" Schumer told the outlet, noting that she had written Barbie as an ""ambitious inventor,"" and the studio requested the invention be a high heel shoe made of Jell-O. The contrasting visions should have been apparent, Schumer said","One thing you can try, is go on a night that isnt as popular. Avoid weekend matinees and date nights. At my local theatre Ive found that Monday nights, especially the late show, is perfect. Its a school night, so there are almost never any teens or kids there. Its also usually way less attended in general. Sometimes theres only a handful of people, Hit local indie theaters or the usual ones when theyre doing Fathom Events. These are the reasons I cherish going., One of the few perks of living in a rural area. Theaters are never full","I may be wrong but I think it got a lot of respect. Didn't it do really well at the box office? I have watched it many times since seeing it in the theatre. Always worth a rewatch., I honestly don't understand the correlation.  Sherlock Holmes is a great movie that got tons of praise at release.

What does it have to do with Avatar?  Every movie got overshadowed by it.  Partly because of the technology, and partly because of Cameron.  

Ones a mystery movie, and ones a sci-fi action movie.

Not sure what the point of comparing them is","Iirc dont we only see the familys perspective? Theres some places that could still have survivors and whatnot. This is even hinted in part 2:

>!All those people living in the island. We could assume there are other places on earth where survivors exists. But communicating is hard because you have to do it with sound!<, I've always thought that, despite years of training and, in some cases, hardened battle experience...If huge, armored","And movies set in New York are filmed in North Carolina.  And shows about North Carolina are filmed in Canada.  And get this, movies about tattooine are not filmed there!

Also, they buried the lede that Bali told them no due to covid restrictions, It's a movie FFS. 

These people have way, ***way*** too much time on their hands., >Indonesias Tourism and Creative Economy Minister Sandiaga Uno defended the film in a press conference on Tuesday. 

>Aside from the filming location","Better title : ""Wedding Season is a formulaic romcom that offers an authentic exploration of Desi culture"". 

Saved you a click. No ""long running romcom issue"" is discussed., [deleted], A long running issue with rom coms is not their lack of desi culture.... lord, they are desperate for promotion, If this is the romcom that desis deserve, then they dont think very highly of us. This movie was full of Indian stereotypes. Also rolled my eyes at them making the one white guy as goofy comedy relief., [deleted]","I would say Charlize Theron in Atomic Blonde, stomping on guys in a completely believable fashion while wearing high heels. Also taking A LOT of shots, so the fights in that film were painfully realistic. In Mad Max Fury Road, again she shows a very believable physicality. She's 5-10, so towering in heels. In contrast, watching Angelina Jolie in SALT at 105 pounds knocking dudes out with one punch and no special technique, and remaining completely unscathed, was absolutely laughable. And the scenes where she runs?  She looked like the 45 year old mom she is trying to catch a bus.","The CGI looks troubling.
Hope the 3D will make it feel good., I've only seen 1.5 Indian movies.. baahubali and I started the new one on netflix rrr... I really liked baahubali and so far rrr is pretty entertaining.  They are so different from American movie and pretty darn enjoyable.  They are both epics (or at least I think they are) and I'll probably give this one a go too., Fun fact: This is a Disney film. Also, Disney will be giving this film a US release., Looks like Shit, Great, another dumpster fire from Bollywood, Crazy CGI! Even better BGM! 

Hope this does good","This is completely unrelated to the post, but I can't believe Warner Bros. is financially unstable and banking on this movie and The Flash(also Aquaman?) To make them enough money. This is the studio which owns the Harry Potter franchise and DC., WB only had enough money to market Black Adam so theyre letting the controversies market this one., I met Chris while working at the Mark Taper Forum in downtown LA back in 2010. He was starring in a production of the play The Lieutenant of Inishmore","And thats ok OP.

Its ok to dislike films other people love., It's ok that you didn't like it., I thought it had some *wonderful* sequences in it, but overall it was Tarantino at his most indulgent to the point of it being a detriment., At all. I couldnt follow. Once they had Bruce Lee getting his ass kicked, I knew actually I didnt know. Im still lost., Yeah you need to know about the murders for the film to be effective, all tension is lost if you don't know.","Who tf is Ryan Kavanaugh, Whyd they use a picture of Harvey Weinstein, ""I grew up here. I was allowed to be on the streets...""


He grew up in Brentwood...isn't that like one of nicer neighborhoods around LA?, [deleted], This guy was accused by his ex partner of running a Ponzi scheme as reported by variety magazine., https://doesryankavanaughlooklikeharveyweinstein.com, He looks like someone  I just can't figure it out?, Ryan Kavanaugh is a joke, This loser just lost a lawsuit against h3 productions, Who's Ryan Kavanaugh? Big shot? Huh?, Lol. Who?, This guy is shady as fuck.","There's similar tropes in both. I don't think Whiplash is just for ""bros"" though and plenty of men enjoyed the devil wears prada!, Not quite my tempo, I mean, its not like the story in whiplash was highly original or anything. It was the execution and the acting that made that movie so good. 

Pixar movies are basic as fuck (for the most part) but its the way they execute it that makes it such a pleasure to watch., U r not comin to paris, You should watch Swimming With Sharks., Nah it's Black Swan!, You must love Devil Wears Prada, No, not really., Is this is a question, the answer is No.","*The PR agent has been paid in full, ""Quietly"" is one of the most annoying words used in headlines., I like Aubrey Plaza but I was literally just trying to figure out why she was in so many bad movies., Its not really that quietly when these articles coincide with a movie release, just coincidentally you know..., She did?, Aubrey Plaza quietly became one of todays actors","It's Lagerfelden time., I actively avoid stuff Jared Leto is in now., Well he's got the pretentious asshole part down, at least., Why do they keep giving him movies?, First he did Paolo Gucci dirty, now he's going after Karl? Maybe he should do Hugo Boss next, No really, what kind of dirt does he have on Hollywood., > Karl has always been an inspiration to me, says Leto. He was a true polymath, an artist, an innovator, a leader and, most importantly, a kind man.""

This is the first time anyone has ever accused Lagerfeld of being kind., twooooooo pussies","This is what we in the business call an unforced error., This is such a weird statement to make towards the Williams Sisters, Awful choice of words, talk about putting your foot in it..., Her response to Sam Elliot was epic.

Now she's being an asshole lmao., lmao I was actually rooting for her before. Why the fuck did she even mention them??? Jealous that the they are household names and you are not????","Equal pay for all millionaire actors!, To me, this means we should lower the pay of everyone in filmmaking to that of what women generally get. 

Filmmakers would be forced to be creative and money isnt being wasted on a vloated industry.","Someone really wants to cancel Tom Hardy., Didn't they work it out and not for nothing, have you ever snapped on someone either male or female? When one get mad at another and reacts with similar reaction, these thing will happen., Like yeah he was an asshole and so was she a bit. He apologized and owned up to it, this is 7 years old and its being brought up now. Who did Tom piss off this week?","I wonder sometimes, we always hear about some films would fit better as series, but are there any examples of series that would fit better as films? Like something that is dragged out too long or too restricted by budget., Theres no reason Dune shouldnt work fine as movie series. Hell it already was a TV mini series at one point and the movie is much better.

If The Lord of the Rings can be adapted into a couple movies and be as excellent as it is then so can Dune., Yeah, thats the problem with The Hobbit movies, they werent long enough.

This list is dumb.","Theres this crazy hack to critics scores that people dont realize, but if you click on that score it will take you to a list of actual reviews where the critics explain *why* they liked the movie along with the final score.  A lot of redditors apparently dont realize it because theyre always writing posts like this asking other redditors to explain the scores they disagree instead of asking the people who actually gave those score to explain them., The film was exactly what I expected it to be, a Hollywood family popcorn movie that didnt require too much thinking","For the longest time he used to be my go-to answer for the greatest living American filmmaker. He had a great debut with Take the Money and Run, then had one of the most extraordinary run of films in the history of the medium.

Beginning with Sleeper and lasting until Bullets Over Broadway he put out almost entirely excellent films, all of them carrying a unique voice and style that became part of the cultural zeitgeist, while also showing great variety in terms of his subject matter, setting and approach. That the same filmmaker made Love & Death, Annie Hall, Interiors, Stardust Memories","People of Color, along with People Currently Not Experiencing Color both tend to like to watch movies., You should probably take these findings with a grain of salt.

On the report that OP posted, it says:

>**Median global box office peaked for films with casts that were from 21 to 30 percent minority in 2021** ($107.4 million). Twenty-five films fell into this cast diversity interval, including **Venom: Let There Be Carnage** ($501.0 million), **A Quiet Place Part II** ($297.4 million)","I have a healthy relationship with women and I loved the movie. It was one of my favorites of the year. I could definitely see someone who has a hatred towards women being really triggered by the movie and want to write 9 paragraphs of nonsense with a rage boner., i think a large part of the movie is how it is kinda both realistic but also a pulpy, unrealistic revenge thriller- we arent supposed to really question how Cassie manages to do all of this without people finding out","[removed], Jesus this comment thread., Cum Town darling Joe List, Hell yeah. Joe List rules., Kind of feels like a bad Woody Allen movie, Any other issues people might raise aside, this looks like complete ass in pretty much every way., Im so glad to see Joe List getting some love in this thread, I actually am into these kind of movies but man, I wish Louie got some better cameras to shoot the thing with.  I loved how Louie on FX looked but this is a real step down 

Although maybe he likes the very DIY look of the cameras used for the movie, No disrespect to the actors in this but good lord","We'll agree to disagree., We most certainly do not all agree., I haven't liked any of them. I feel like every RE movie/TV show has fallen into the same trap that the 5th/6th games did (and some would say 4th, although I really like that one) where it became more action than horror., Well, no., Its good in the sense that its so bad its fun to watch the series in the background every once in a while.","""Great. Let me get this down. 100 million... Oh, wait! I got a better idea. Instead of a hundred million, how about I send you a hobo's dick cheese? Then, you kill him. Do your thing, skin the fucking bastard. Go to town, man. Go to town! In the mean time and as usual, go fuck yourself.""

\-- Les Grossman, Knight and Day is an underappreciated romp., Tom Cruise comes across as someone with tremendous work ethic and a genuine passion for movies. He also seems super nice in interviews and fan interactions. 

During one of MI promotions","People like you are the reason why I want this movie to win some international awards. I love to watch people cry at others' success, Look, Im the head of the Indian Film Consulate, and I say Let the Americans jerk off to RRR, Peak r/canconfirmiamindian material, You like marvel movies lmao.

And I think they are soulless commercialized content mass produced on an assembly line .

People like what they like . RRR was a very well made movie . If you cant look beyond that label of over the top action then this genre isnt for you.

The climax was a little weak but the acting, songs ","You can get a Netflix DVD account. They have tons of movies that they don't stream., Have you scrolled through the TCM hub on HBO MAX? There have a few hundred absolute classics, indie movies and a great list of foreign films., Kanopy is great - A24, lots of foreign and classic films, Blockbuster was the best! You would go there on a Friday get snacks and movies then you were set for the weekend!","Who TF proofreads these articles???

> worldwide since early 20212


> Zoopopia


> ...on a combined budget of $495 Million budget

Thanks for the upvotes and other examples everyone... I thought I was alone in being upset by this style of ""journalism""., This feels like they're labelling anything that doesn't become a decades long franchise with dozens of movies and tv spin offs that dominates pop culture entirely like Marvel is a failure., I'd say because you can't make toys off of the Hunger Games.","Isn't it the point that you're supposed to be horrified by this dystopia?, But I love Blade Runner., West world and Blade Runner are definitely stories about how manufacturing people is good that totally assumes the perspective of the fetishizers great take, This is a lazy take. All of these examples are of men manufacturing women for sexual purposes (which let's face it, is pretty inevitable) and then these characters are ultimately shown to be as human as anyone else. Isn't that what the author is asking for?","He was Spider-Man., If this was comparing it to Franco then maybe, Movie actor dismayed their salary was lower than title character, news at 11., ""He was paid millions! I was also paid millions, but less millions!, Probably because he was the lead? Like saying Tom Cruise made too much more than Meg Ryan in Top Gun, Between Mary Jane and the title character Spider Man?  Nooooooo, Really?, This would be less shocking if she played Spider Man and Toby played Mary Jane., BREAKING NEWS: Star of the movie was paid more than a supporting actor., the audacity, [deleted], Movies called spiderman","We all secretly want to be John Wick.
Thats just a fact., Next 

Ozark: how Netflix validates the myth of the bad guy without a gun, Who the fuck is writing all these nonsense opinion blog posts?, average redditor, [deleted], This is the equivalent of video games cause violence, This is no different than conservatives blaming video games or heavy metal for shootings. Fucking stupid., Since when is John Wick a ""good guy"". He's literally an assassin driven by rage and revenge to kill people and absolutory not a good person","Why is it so hard for so many people to process someone making a mediocre movie? I swear, every time it happens I see these sweeping statements about how the person's career is over or how it's a sign that they were never good or whatever else. 

Like, jesus, relax! There are plenty of directors and actors who made nothing but failures for a decade plus and were able to rebound no problem. But sure, the guy who won an Oscar for the movie he made right before this is done because people on the internet liked a Thor sequel less than the previous one lmao","I'd love to see it left alone, it's a such a great film, no sequel required .. But, I guess we'll get what we deserve, The movie made a billion dollars and won a bunch of oscars  of cause they are gonna make a sequel., The story has been told","The 80s was an extremely weird time. George Michael and Lady Di looked practically identical and both were sex symbols. It was great. The coke, by all accounts, was exceptional., 80s kid here, Top Gun was a huge movie, but then we had a bunch. Gay was never a word used to describe it back then. There are many, and I mean many, cringeworthy scenes from that time period that are hard for me to watch,
from both TV and movies. The volleyball scene was always one for me, yeeeouch!

Magnum P.I. was a real man when I was a kid","The thing about Pennywise is that it is a mask the creature uses as a clown to attrack kids.

Skarsgaard's rendition of Bob does not look like a clown kids wants to get near even before turning into something that would scare them., Tim curry was great, but everything else in the mini series looks ridiculous today. Its not at all scary. Tim was, but thats it., When I first saw Skarsgaard as IT I didn't rate it, but not long later I preferred him. The way he just stares at his victims is absolutely menacing, way more than Curry","Eh seems like your standard issue movie memorabilia...

*sees channing tatums prosthetic dog ears from Jupiter Ascending*

I can only stretch my budget to my entire life savings., I'm already jealous of whoever buys that Matrix lightning gun, I wanted a matrix phone so bad., Some of the Matrix props are insane: 

* Lightning Rifle prop used in Matrix 1
* Nebuchadnezzar Name Plate
* APU miniature
* Sentinel miniatures

They're also selling a shit ton of their film awards they got for the first Matrix, crazy.","R/freezingcoldtakes, Reddit moment, >Masquerading as a comedy 

Now this is a line that's actually more idiotic than anything from the movie., I feel like it really raises the question, did the movie actually predict anything? Or are we perpetually convinced that we're sliding down the learning curve without people changing much at all?, You must be new","Lol cgi is breaking my sense of belief when I watch movies about superheroes, Nothing in movies is real., Check out Eternals, Chloe Zhao made a real point of shooting a lot of it on location and not green screen where she could, I think people that blame CGI for things should learn more about CGI, I also hate the color grading on so much of their stuff. It looks so flat and fake., They should have guys being flown through the air by wires instead?","Moses: 

    Allow it., Yo Attack The Block was such a fun movie haha, Boyega is a guy I will see a movie because he's in it.  Love his acting.  Wish he was willing to do more Star Wars stuff, but I get it., Didn't he just walk off a production recently?, He's an awful actor and has an off-putting persona., from his experience i know if you want to success, don't aim for success just do what you love and it will be come, [deleted], Secret commercial Tv project. 

Shaft? I could see that as a show.

Luther the younger years?","He's Denzel's son. Denzel is one of the easiest actors to work with in all of Hollywood. Plenty of actors get blacklisted for being ""difficult to work with"". Denzel is pretty much the opposite in that nobody has anything bad to say. John David is the same sort of way., I thought he was great in BlacKKKlansman, also he's Denzel's son, The issue, I believe, is dude just decided one day, ""I'm an actor!"" after being a failed footballer and became a Hollywood actor on the strength of his fathers name and incredible reputation","We love it over on r/accounting! We'd watch it all the time if we weren't so busy talking about leaving our jobs. If the rumored sequel ever gets made I'm sure the thread for it there will be gangbusters, The entire JK Simmons plotline was inconsequential to the film. It was completely pointless, It's good but to me, it's just good. A solid film in the vein of many nineties movies. I think it's received the sufficient amount of praise for its quality. And I generally think Ben Affleck is a poor actor but even he was good in it, although Bernthal is the stand out.","Fucking Casablanca, man., What if I want to watch a political thriller?, I agree with you. I love when movies are political and have some type of message. The problem I have is when the message comes first and the story and characters come second. 

Parasite, Get Out, Nope, Amarcord, Duck Soup, Ex Machina, Oldboy, Parallel Mothers, Red Rocket are all movies that I have seen recently that I would say are inherently political, yet the messages are interwoven into the stories and the characters., [removed]","After reading the article I realized this happens way more often than I thought.  The only ones I thought of off the top of my head were Red Planet and Mission to Mars.

Although I do think calling Lincoln and Abe Lincoln: Vampire Slayer twinned is a bit of a stretch...., I've never seen an OP so annoyed that people are engaging with their post. Sheesh!, OP and getting his butt blasted, 2022., Heard this on the radio and it's hilarious how many robin hood films are in development.","Ive never seen it before but had it on my Amazon Prime watchlist for the longest timebout time I finally watch it, This is false. The filmmakers never stated that this story inspired the film or screenplay. You just made this up., So you are saying it has been 25 years...., And Texas Chainsaw Massacre is based on Ed Gei, Nightmare on Elm Street is based on teenagers dying in their sleep in the Philippines","How can you possibly say they became the summers breakout stars if this neither this nor any other summer movie is out yet, They got cast in one of the most famous franchises of all time. 

Saved you a click., Reaching, arent we?, The *Jurassic Park* films have always had a female as the action Star the T. Rex, To be honest, it will probably be the worst film in the franchise., The same way every other hero becomes the hero.

They were written that way., Lol wut, I'm sure that's the reason everyone will be going to see this. nothing to do with the dinosaurs.","Iceman is absolutely the hero of the first movie. Everything he worries about with Maverick is 100% spot on.  And buzzing the tower mightve been something Pilots couldve gotten away with in the 50s but Im pretty sure by the mid 80s it was career suicide., Has anyone who decides to come here and post a treatise on how Top Gun ""akschually isn't a good movie guise"" stopped to think that maybe the appeal is simply that fighter jets are really, really, REALLY cool?

All this political analysis.

All this dramatic critique.

All this dissecting of the plot.

FIGHTER JETS AND, BY EXTENTION","Does anyone else believe these endless posts and the whole furore is just a toxic form of viral marketing?, Just cant wait til they remake the Aristocats and Marie is cast as a black Doberman., Back in 2019, i was a bit disappointed at first. Not because Ariel was black I have no hatred toward anyone. I just was hoping to see a natural redhead play Ariel as she was in the animated version","OP is Ben Shapiro, Why are you watching any Ben Shapiro videos in the first place? An then being surprised that they suck, You could've stopped at ""Ben Shapiro shouldn't"", All you need to know about that villain is that his origin story is failed Hollywood writer. It explains an awful lot.","Haha most Japanese movies/shows with English lines that aren't incredibly recent, did this to their English actors.  If you find older Japanese stuff with Jason Statham, his early stuff working there before he got popular, he has to deliver all his English lines sounding like he's mentally slow.  He had to fit the cultural perception of English speech, which was probably something like ""bold and clear syllables.""

I can only imagine what it's like for other languages being handled by English speaking studios.  Guess it's a pretty universal tragedy XD, Eh","Andy Greenwald described this film and those like it that work hard on remember when feelings as playing catch one more time with dad

He meant it derisively but I think it worked for you., Manly tears? You mean tears?, I'm happy you were able to enjoy it. I didn't care for where the film eventually went (to me, it *did* feel like ""we just remade the same film"" at the end), but the middle section with the kids just discovering ghosts and the tech and having their little summer adventure was sentiment done well.

Put it this way","The worst part for me is the audio shift from dialogue scenes to action scenes. I can either keep the volume low enough that the action scenes are reasonable but the dialogue is inaudible or I can turn it up so that I can hear the dialogue, but the action scenes blast way too loud and annoy everyone around me.

I've taken to keeping the volume low and turning subtitles on. I do have hearing loss which affects this, but it's not so bad that this should be a major problem when watching movies., Probably won't help the OP, if they're an audio engineer. But I have a midrange 5.1 system","People have been saying that for decades. Ever watched the Star Wars Prequel Trilogy?, Now?, I think CGI is just a tool that can be used well, or used poorly, and similar criticisms could be made about virtually any significant aspect of movie making.

I know for sure that shitty special effects have been detracting from movies that used them poorly for pretty much as long as people have been making movies., You're 20 years too late","You: ""Nothing seems cheesy, over-the-top or too campy.""

This is something you just said. About Mission Impossible 2., Fun fact. I was an extra in this movie. End scene. Overhead view over opera house., I dont what you watched, but it wasnt MI:2.  I watched MI:2 for the first time ever a few nights ago and it was the schlockiest, pile of shit movie Ive seen in a long time. I imagine Tom Cruise pretends this movie doesnt exist., Some say those motorcycles are still spinning on their front wheels to this day, endlessly switching camera angle over and over and over again., I rewatch 1,3,4,5","I thought it was worth watching once, but I thought it was a little ridiculous for being nominated for Academy Awards. I agree with the message, and the humor was depressingly on point, but at that point it was too obvious it was treated as a circle jerk. Other than that, I thought it was decent., I didn't hate it, I just thought it was fine.","Epic Movie was absolute garbage, Bewitched, Talented Mr. Ripley is one of my all-time favorites. Not sure if youve given it a chance since then but it truly is great. In my opinion there are a lot of career best performances in that film., Vampires Suck. I kept sinking down into my chair, hoping the floor would swallow me. Worst of all, I was with my mom and sister and they refused to leave, Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull. One of the most disappointed movie theater experiences Ive had., Suicide Squad

Hated every single second of it, Cough... The Emoji movie , Nine years old","Ill say this bracing for downvotes. Its an absolute masterpiece, set the standard for the genre in so many ways, and tells a story that is very deeply sci-fi - surface level futurism as an interesting setting, profound conversation regarding the human condition. At the same time, it has VERY real pacing problems. Its one of those films that I recognize as great and important but can never really bring myself to watch again because I do find it occasionally very tedious. 

Your comment, though","\*exceeded

""Superseded"" means to supplant or replace., Even in this woke era lmfao ok, Every stereotype of redditors is true, It came with a free frogurt., I found it amusing but the best thing that came out of watching that movie for me was learning that Mariah Careys song Fantasy makes my baby so happy that she will stop crying and wiggle instead., I was also pleasantly surprised by this movie as well! I really enjoyed the movie and the cameos were gold lol  I think arguably one of the best video game movies made although I also really loved ready player one as well!","I second the idea that the sentiment is fine, though the wording is bad.  It's an indication that the movie will be spectacle without substance, particularly adrenaline-oriented excitement rather than contemplative views.  It is meant to say ""go see this if you just want your heart to race and your dopamine to spike, but don't expect a sophisticated message or well-developed plot""., ""Leave your bra at home?"", [deleted]","'The King of Queens', the sequel coming out 2024., [deleted], This poster is reminding me of another poster but I cant put my finger on it... Dune? Wonder Woman? Anyone else see it?, Out of all the African tribes to make a movie out of they pick one of the most notorious African slave traders and make them out to be the good guys....why even make a movie about the Dahomey if you're going to do that and claim it to be based off true events!? Its like making a movie about Stalin trying to save as many people in Russia and saying its based off true events.","Budd in Kill Bill matches this description. Bill does, too, to an extent. I would say the relationship between the Good, the Bad, and maybe the Ugly also qualify. 

While there are probably other examples somewhere, youve made a terrific point, and stated it almost poetically., same could be said for Paul Newman's character in **Road to Perdition** (2002)

but then, they are just iterations of the same story

excellent movies both of them","Haha agreed. You forgot the whole Cheetah aspect feeling really tacked on at the end. Like I was expecting much more reason or explanation for why a cheetah? She mentioned being a zoologist once but the cheetah gimmick kinda came out of nowhere. This villain seemed like the most interesting aspect of the movie to me and they failed at making it cool or make any sense at all., Why did it take place in 1984?

Seriously. The story had nothing to do with that setting in time. Could've taken place in present day without any changes.

Also, no 80's music anywhere in the movie? Like, okay","People dont realize that they started on third base while the rest of us are starting at home. Im not rationalizing, but they think they put just as much work in as anyone else and earned their success. Yes, its tone deaf. 

Destry Spielberg (a completely unproven filmmaker) is getting press for a shortthats an insane leg up on literally every other no/low budget filmmaker. The access to all kinds of talent alone who will work for cheap/free just to be in her orbit. Rental companies will throw gear at heretc. its a crazy amount of privilege","I am very adement about this - hinting that there will be a twist or that you ""wont expect the ending"" is not cool with me. I watch a lot of movies and if I hear things like that, my 'antennas' sort of go up and it distorts my viewing of the film.

It's a pretty hard rule in my opinion, Firm agree. The reality is that a lot of people don't see movie watching as a ""experience"", the same way I watch Saturday cartoons. For some people who do cherish the experience, they often see that experience as something to complete: ""see the movie"", ""guess the twist""","Stage 7

The death of the hero: has kids and cant ever make it to the cinema any more., Stage 7: You make a movie, [removed], See Patton Oswalts book, Silver Screen Fiend.   

However, Oswalt was plagued by being a completist. Having to see all of whatever he decided was worthy, whether that was all of one movie (cant miss any part, including credits) or all of the movies listed in a certain book, or whatever random standard applied that month., This morning I decided to remake my ""to watch"" list. I removed a bunch of auteurs","SO the Devil's advocates you'll hear from will say ""MCU is an unprecedented and ground breakingly large cinematic narrative"" - they'll not be wrong. You might hear ""blockbusters have always been, don't be pretentious. All media has its mainstream."". This is also true.

Nonetheless, you're right OP. Here's the thing; I'm not into Justin Bieber, but I don't mind if people are. There's plenty of music out there. The more niche music I like? Those bands had to get lucky and ""get a break"", sure. But to learn to play only took them a couple of hundred dollars in second hand instruments, a local bar","you're right. but it seems to be the nature of biopics these days. Not telling a story, they're more like highlight reels of a famous persons life that the public probably already knows. Very little challenge in terms of filmmaking., Ppl have looked into Fred Rogers' life, and he's pretty much what you see on his show.  He was a an introverted child that grew into a quiet, kind, gentle man who made it his life's mission to help children.  Mr Banks was obviously sanitized, as Disney had many flaws.  While this Mr Rogers movie may be overly saccharine","They probably make it intentionally unorganized so it looks like theres more content., Oh its horrible. Have you ever noticed how they keep 4K and HD versions of content as separate programs? So I cant start a show in HD in my bedroom then pick up where I left off in 4K in the living room. How is that even acceptable? YouTube figured out how to give you the same video in multiple resolutions well over a decade ago. Its one of those how on earth was someone not fired over this blunder situations.","Even if you never heard of him youve definitely heard his music - the coffin scene in kill bill v.2 is an amazing score! RIP!!, This is such a sad news. I had just spent the last two days rewatching the Dollars Trilogy and thinking how the score has been able to elevate tension in scenes which only included characters staring at each other or racing against a herd. The three-way crossfire staredown at the end of The Good, the Bad and the Ugly will forever remain the greatest scene in cinema all thanks to the legendary score. RIP Ennio Morricone.","It's Conner, bitch /
Say word, D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-Dilbert /
Doink-de-doink, sorry dad /
Dinky nuts, squirrel jam, HATS! /
Balancing my checkbook /
Zerbert in the sherbet, squark /
One hundred gift baskets /
You're now rocking with the Tesla boys /
Sleepy Benjamin Franklin, watch me veg /
DJ Tanner, swanky pumps, m-m-m-m-moped music /
Costco samples like a motherfucker /
Uh, crank up the mids, Patrick Stewart money /
You know who it is, Conner4Real!, One of my favorite weird things about it is Shout Factory's steelbook release (copied from a comment I posted a few months ago):

So","Its tragic. He was so damn young, and it seemed like his career was just getting started., I feel like he was just getting started on an amazing career and would have been a force to be reckoned with in his 50s / 60s.

Sucks that he wont get to do it and we wont get to see it, I saw it last night and also thought it was a hoax. 

I couldn't believe it. 

I had wanted a Black Panther show or movie for years and I figured he would go on to make more movies and inspire people. He looked young and I figured he'd be around a long time. 

Very sad.","Just like how Shaun of the Dead is one of the best zombie films ever made, Honestly, all of Edgar Wright's films just hit this amazing line of action comedy that I do not see in most flicks, especially to do so which such consistency over his catalogue. I am really excited to see his new horror film., i've said it before and i'll say it again, Edgar Wright hasn't made a bad movie yet., That's something I love about it! It's not just doing a simple parody or making references for cheap laughs, it's really going all-out with the action movies styles","The prequels are defined by the fact that they have a clear endpoint they need to arrive at: The corruption of Anakin and rise of the empire. Especially through the first two movies, some of the creative decisions that justify moving to that end point feel forced and contrived. How the clone army came to be, Anakin's pre-ordained greatness (quantifiable thanks to midichlorians), the relationship between Anakin and Padme, despite their age difference and lack of chemistry. I think this is also why the 3rd film is the strongest of the three. The groundwork, no matter how confusing","As someone who wants to learn art and comics, thank you. I know a bit about composition having been a photographer, but learning more about it is always going to be helpful., This is awesome! Thank you, OP, for putting this together.

Under 'Podcasts' I would ask you to add *Team Deakins*. A podcast started this year once the Pandemic hit. It stars Roger Deakins, known for *The Big Lebowski*, and other Coen Brothers films, *Skyfall*, *1917*, and tons of other amazingly shot movies.

He and his wife, speak to other cinematographers, directors","Great horror film, never want to think about it again., This is one of few films, let alone horror films, that has stuck with me months after seeing it. Just thinking about it gives the me the uneasy feeling I had the entire time watching it. An absolute masterpiece., Awesome analysis, I totally agree. I never thought of horror in the way you described it.","I am praying it makes enough at the box office to warrant a sequel, especially since they're only covering half of the first book with this film right? The next 3 months will feel like an eternity...., But you didn't actually see the movie?, I'm reading a lot of hyperbole in this post., I feel like young people on Reddit care more about pretty colors and cool sequences the characters and themes. A lot of them seem BR 2049 for those reasons and not anything deeper. It makes it difficult to know if I can take there opinion seriously","My favorite movie of the trilogy. Was always a colossal fan of the bat but disliked most of the movies before BB came out so I was hesitant when my mom suggested we go see it that summer. I remember walking out of the theater totally blown away. Its still so special to me., You blame yourself for your parents death? 
My anger outweighs my guilt.

Such a great moment...  building to....

Your parents death was not your fault  it was your fathers. 

Im on team Batman Begins even though I love TDK almost as much. 

I love Roger Eberts review of BB. He said that in these superhero movies","Although I could be wrong, it seemed like it was kinda implied that people who were already crazy were able to survive seeing the creatures. I believe one of the characters mentions prisoners from a mental institution broke free and survived and the guy who they encounter in the grocery store was also said to be a little bit crazy by one of the characters. 

I agree the movie was an editing nightmare","One of the most satisfying endings I've ever seen. I was so hyped!, Its a good thing I dont study jazz cuz that seems to be the most common criticism, I really liked the part after Andrew snitches on Fletcher and sort of gives up drumming. He looks so relieved and so sad. That change in tone from being this cruel, competitive thing to something peaceful/melancholy is one of my favorite moments in the film, I almost always cry when it happens.

Have you seen Black Swan? They say it's similar to Whiplash, and they are","Some other good examples.

The first crash in Death Proof with the cacophony of breaking glass, screams, breaking metal, and the engines. Especially the tire to the face and the leg ripping off. Really captures the horror of a car accident. I especially like this scene because it's such a long build up to the event, you almost forget you're watching anything 

The Manson family scene in Once Upon A Time in Hollywood, played more for laughs, with the face being smashed into the telephone each time with the bell dinging.  The over the top screaming as the dog attacks","i'll always back Guy Pearce, and it's pretty much purely because of The Rover. he puts in one of the best angry/psychotic/aggressively lonely performances i've ever seen, but the man insists on playing bit-parts in so-so movies., Willem Dafoe.

Actually that's wrong hes had the roles but has been screwed by the voters., Oscar Isaac. Inside Llewyn Davis, Ex Machina and maaaybe A Most Violent Year were his best shots. But absolutely phenomenal actor, and cannot wait for him in Dune, Its obvious from the wire that Idris is a top tier actor. However","I had a friend growing up that had 8mm versions of Star Wars.  People told me it doesn't exist but this was the only version I saw until we had a copy of the trilogy on VHS about 10 years later.  This version the lasers were flashes, the light sabers were white sticks","This is epic cheers dude. There really should be a b-movie streaming service, Streaming service strictly showing the Bee movie? Count me in., You can get Miami Connection on Blu Ray/DVD now. It was done by Drafthouse Films (Alamo Drafthouse) and comes w/ 2 hrs of special features. Ohh and its only $10.00!

Alamo shows it at least once a year at their theaters around the country. 

https://drafthousefilms.com/products/miami-connection, *Bad Taste*! For those who don't know that's Peter Jackson's first film, made with his friends when he was young, on weekends","Yeah I agree. 

I'm a big fan of the Coen Brothers film *A Serious Man*, and at one point it occurred to me that *A Serious Man* is thematically about a Jewish father struggling to keep up with Jewish tradition in a changing world, and the classic musical (and film) *Fiddler on the Roof* is thematically about a Jewish father struggling to keep up with Jewish tradition in a changing world. 

What's funny, is that *A Serious Man* features a handful of scenes of the father, up on the roof, fiddling with the TV antenna. 

So in my mind, this is the Coen Brothers saying, ""Look","The part that shows Kane and his wife drifting apart gradually by their kitchen table getting gradually bigger is so good. It's only because we all grew up in a world where that already existed that we don't appreciate it when we see it., Oh man I hear you. The whole mystery around ""Rosebud"" and also how Kane comes off differently depending on who's telling the story all makes for such a good story. Like, I was interested the whole time and just wanted to know ""and then?"". When I find myself asking that a lot I know it's a good story.",">They are becoming a major player in the movie industry

They've been a major player for years., They just beat earnings expectations for Q3 and have over 210M subscribers. Its crazy to think of how big they are. If you average $10/user thats over $2B per month they get in recurring revenue. Lotta scratch, They got into a bidding war with apple for the knives out sequels and they won. $469 million for 2 movies. Writer/Director","It sits comfortably in any top ten best action movies list, with some even putting it at number one (like ours). Immediately well received both critically and commercially, and people only continue to speak highly of it today. Unless there's a required time period before a film can be considered a classic, I would say it is one which would be faster than most movies., Bicycle Thieves was called the best movie of all time within 2 years of it's release., Fury Road is incredible. I loved it. But my first love will always be Road Warrior. It's what Terminator is to Judgement Day.","An impressive run for sure. The best I can think of is Hitchcock in the 50s. Haven't seen a couple of these, but the ones I have seen range from good to masterpieces:

Strangers on a Train(1951)

I Confess(1953)

Dial M for Murder(1954)

Rear Window(1954)

To Catch a Thief(1955)

The Trouble With Harry(1955)

The Man Who Knew too Much(1956)

The Wrong Man(1956)

Vertigo(1958)

North By Northwest(1959)

They vary in quality a little. But when you consider that at least three of them, North By Northwest, Rear Window and Vertigo, regularly appear on best movies of all time lists","As Villeneuve guessed, *Dune* will never be successful enough as a same-day (with what little theaters remain) HBO Max release.

Which would be a true shame, as from everything Ive heard from official sources, his *Dune* only covers roughly the first half of the novel., >mind-blowing VFX that still hold up to this day

The film came out only four years ago. Not that much has happened with VFX since then. Davy Jones from 15 years ago still holds up.   


Otherwise agreed!","What is you people's opinion on Coen brothers. They have been making movies since 80's and have been pretty consistent., Dont forget Clint Eastwood. 9 Oscar noms since turning 70., Its really wild. Ridley Scott isnt just making great stuff, but hes at his most productive period ever. And Scorseses last four or five might be his best four or five in a row. I think Spielberg is in s but of a rough patch, but only by Spielberg standards. Its incredible, [deleted], What? Scott has made one good movie in 15 years., [deleted], [deleted]","Ill take a different route than the rest of the comments-

Kudos, my friend! Why dont you make this universal, or have a broader criteria than just the IMDB Top 100? Great work and looking forward to more from you., As a software developer, I can tell you that this comment section looks pretty much like every client response when you deliver a product. Sorry, man. 

This is really awesome. Way to go! Youre flexing some development muscles and learning! Vue is a tough cookie to crack. Good job. This is really cool. Keep making things!, Well on the contrary to other less enthusiastic comments","It is an amazing movie. I remember seeing it in theaters and just being in awe. Denis Villeneuve might be the best director working today. Yes it's a bold statement considering how many extremely talented directors there are nowadays. But every single one of his movies have been extremely power and superbly put together. Very excited about Dune!, Easily one of my top 10 favorites, What a work of art visually but also with interesting underlying themes., Also missed out seeing it ina theatre. Absolutely THE best sequel ever made. Ive rewatched it so much i lost count","And his latest film, The Gentlemen, was a return to form and one of my favorite movies of late. So much fun., Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is a quasi prequel, not as polished but great., How long on them sausages?, RocknRolla doesn't get much love but it's a pretty good Ritchie film too, 
""Oh nothing, Tommy. It's tip-top. It's just I'm not sure about the colour."", All

   bets

    are

    off!, I highly recommend you watch it with subtitles. Love this movie. You will re-watch it., ""It's behind you Tyrone. Whenever you reverse, things come from behind ya'."", Hurry up Tommy","Pixar did something similar on a smaller scale with Up. The whole married life scene there are no words, just storytelling that gets you to care about these characters like they were your own relatives in 5 minutes., What's your other top animated film?, When it came out, I thought WALL-E was the most intelligent and profound animated ""kids"" movie that had ever been made. In the grand array of Pixar movies, I would say it was one of the lesser successful films initially, in terms of box office figures and audience reception. But much like Ratatouille","Highly recommend watching his other work before this new film. Just so you can get into the Kauffman zone(as I call it) before I'm Thinking of Ending Things.

Or don't, either way I cant wait too buddy., [deleted], Oh man, you need to watch Synecdoche. It's one of the best movies ever made. It'll probably give you an existential crisis, but it's well worth it., I had no idea this was a Kaufman movie! Definitely adding to my queue now","Scott: Is Ramona with you?

Gideon: I don't know, are you with me?

Ramona: Yeah

Scott: AAAAAAEEEERRGHHHHH

Gideon: Jeez buddy, it's gonna be alright

Scott: No, I just spilled hot cocoa all over my crotch 

Not often do I wanna rewind a movie to watch a joke over again, but this stupid little moment gets me every time","Well, there was this movie called Valerian..., The Purge for me. Terrific concept which had loads of potential, but ended up being a generic violent home invasion movie., Yes. I got so angry at Passengers. Like the idea behind it was really interesting to me and it could have been so much more than it was. It was boring, middle of the road, way too predictable., Not mad, just disappointed.","Having just seen Toy Story 4 just a couple days back, I agree with all this. I think the focus on Woody was a nice touch, and while I would have liked to have seen more of Buzz personally, it was great to see how far Woodys character has come since the very beginning as he examines his own worth throughout the film, and acts as sort of a benefactor to other toys., [deleted], I'd have liked to see more of Buzz in Toy Story 4","I don't know what you are talking about.. aren't biopics SUPER popular right now? ""Why would anyone want to see a movie about *people*, let alone ones that actually existed (more or less)?"" This is exactly the Hollywood formula right now! Rocketman, Bohemian rhapsody, blakkklansman, Vice, Disaster artist, greatest showman, The post, Darkest hour and Dunkirk are all from the last 3 years. I felt like this is becoming increasingly popular to the contrary, The Irishman is not really going against the current here.","His portrayal of Ash in Alien is up there for me, but Ill always associate him with his brilliant Bilbo Baggins in the Lord of the Rings franchise. 

With relatively little screen time, he steals every scene hes in., No love for his role in ""5th Element"" ?, He's a wonderful actor with a wonderful career.

But for me, one movie towers even higher above the rest.

THE SWEET HEREAFTER, I always think of him as the nervous, lisping office manager in Brazil. ""Has anybody seen Sam Lowry?!""","One of my favorites, truly emotional. I cried too, the ending is just perfect. As you said the soundtrack is amazing, Morricone at his best. Glad you liked it!, Probably my favorite ending in film history, I much prefer the extended cut of this movie iver the theatrical release - the first hour is great, the second hour is a little stagnant but the third hour is an outright masterpiece, been a favorite for a long time.  Recently watched the full version/directors cut/whatever ....

&#x200B;

I have to say, that the additional scenes were unecessary","Love this shot in it in particular. 
https://youtu.be/d8WHOiQZGok, It is STILL Linklaters best movie.

It all came together with that cast, director, script.

I swear to God it is a top 10 all time.

I'll never forget, late/great Roger Ebert had a quote that went something like....

""It is a perfect snapshot of a specific time and place.""

Which.....could qualify it as the Great American Movie., My girlfriend and I watch this movie once a year. We love it so much that when we used to go to our local pool hall (billiards) we'd run to the jukebox to put on The Hurricane by Bob Dylan.","I worked in video stores in the 90s/00s, and let me tell you, *Reservoir Dogs/Pulp Fiction absolutely* became a subgenre of movie. The sheer amount of bad knockoffs by both indie & Hollywood filmmakers was staggering. 

Everyone thought that having cool needle drops & pithy pop-cultural laced dialogue were the magic ingredients, completely ignoring characters, story, and editing. 

Scorcese had similar elements in some of his films, bit Tarantino refined those, and added a very unique personal take, to create his style which was aped for the next 10 years it felt., Yeah","Goofy's my favorite, so I'm glad he got not only a Goofy Movie, but an *Extremely* Goofy Movie, which was not horrible! Max went to college and got into X-Games and look, it was the early '00s and Brink was still the shit (is still the shit?).

Anyway, yeah, Goofy Movie's great! Didn't you desperately want Pete's RV? Just stunting on Goofy like that, which is totally rude because Goofy lives a modest","None of these are plot holes. Seems like you just didn't like the movie., I was wondering when this thread would pop up...","He really is so good in the movie. As are in most of Wes Andersons good movies, theres no weak spot in the casting. Im wouldnt consider myself a huge Wes Anderson fan, but damn do I love his style choices and the characters. I love Grand Budapest and would have Moonrise Kingdom and Life Aquatic follow after that on my ranking of his, but theres something about The Grand Budapest Hotel that stands out more than his other movies, and I think that may be the adventure aspect. This has the largest scale of any of his movies, and it seems that all of his quirks and choices just fit perfectly","I love listing things too, but this is excessive even for Me. So well done on all that effort. With the likes of come and see, seven samurai and fanny and Alexander in your top 10 we share similar taste. Although I suppose you could say they're hardly uncommon films to love!, The idea that art can be objectively ranked in a numerical order from best to worst is wild to me.","Interesting that everyone thinks the first part is the great one, and that something's ""off"" about the second part, even though the second part contains the most potent drama and is seemingly the better paced.

I personally love the first part of *Lawrence of Arabia*, although to the casual viewer the onslaught of desert landscapes will probably be way too much. I agree the second part is inferior, not least because Sir David Lean couldn't adequately redub a key scene with Allenby (Jack Hawkins) during the restoration so he cut it out., Here in LA","Hard to beat 2007. The combo of No Country for Old Men and There Will Be Blood alone is enough to make it a top year. Id also add *Eastern Promises* and *Gone Baby Gone* to the list.

I would also point out 2014: Birdman, Grand Budapest Hotel, Interstellar, Nightcrawler, Whiplash, Ex Machina, The Raid 2, Gone Girl, It Follows, Boyhood, Frank, etc. 2014 is stacked af

The other big contender is 2000, with films like Amores Perros, In the Mood for Love, Memento, Gladiator, and Requiem for a Dream, In 2007, Ratatouille!!! My Favorite Pixar film!!","Jumanji has Bonnie Hunt. I'll watch it. A restrained Robin Williams? I'll watch it.

The CGI didn't age well, but it's a terrific adventure story, well-acted and, as you note, with apparently real stakes. And some humor.

I liked Zathura, too, in which Kristen Stewart convincingly plays an ice queen., I usually find that most family programming that has the chutzpah to frighten children tends to age well. It takes a fantastical premise and adds real stakes to it.","""Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown."" Has to be in the conversation.

That said, yours is probably my favorite as well. Dr. Strangelove is a Top 3 movie for me., "" it was perfect"" from black swan or ""...then I woke up."" from no country for old men., The Apartment: Shut up and deal

Some like it Hot: Nobodys perfect!, ""No, it's for me.""

\--*The Lives of Others*, 'Someone once said The world is a fine place and worth fighting for, I agree with the second part' and 'You met me in a very strange time in my life' from Se7en and Fight club come to mind and I haven't seen them mentioned yet. Chinatown","Ah yes. That well known genre of film - Finance, Kubrick was not only diverse in his filmography he managed to make among the best films of all time in each genre he tackled.

Spartacus - Sword/Sandal Epic (arguably weakest on this list","I think this raft of live action Disney remakes will age badly, both in terms of CGI and legacy. The cartoon originals are and will remain timeless., I think any movies with in jokey meta references arent going to age well as in in the future they are going to require a knowledge of this time which for anyone born from sort of nowish onwards will struggle with

Deadpool comes to mind but Im sure there are many more, Anything that's cribbing too heavily from the Joss Whedon school of dialogue.","He is also an excellent director. Escape at Dannemora is a fantastic mini-series., He also directed [The Cable Guy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Cable_Guy), so that also counts for something., I thought Justin Theroux wrote Tropic Thunder and Zoolander 2. The internet says he did., He directed Cable Guy which is a masterpiece., Has only written three movies, or has only written three movies that were actually made?, Didnt Ben Stiller write Reality Bites?

Edit: Nevermind, just directed it., Theres a Zoolander II?, I thought Justin Theroux wrote tropic thunder","Watched it last night and all I wanted was for the main character to die. The ending was bizarre and seemed gross making it seem like she was good for being a lion or whatever. The IMDb reviews are hilarious., That's weird, it's an Amazon prime original here in the UK., I was confused that no one in the Russian Mafia knew how to kill anyone. From the premise, I was expecting Pike to be squaring off against Wiest, who was completely wasted as a character. Dinklage and Pike are both great actors","oi this is a wonderful post thank you, Hi! Saw your post on r/YMS and wanted to comment the same thing I commented there:

Fans of The Lighthouse should also check out Ingmar Bergmans Persona (1966). Its both a visual and thematic influence for The Lighthouse and many other films. Please take the time to watch it if you have the opportunity!","Joker. I avoided it because how loud all the articles and all the memes surrounding it. The talks about it are either it's a mind-blowingly genius cinema, or just a cringeworthy movie. 

When I finally watched it, well, it's neither both. It's just an okay movie with good acting., For me, it's probably the first Deadpool. I'm the kind of guy that is into dark comedies like in Bruges","Your point is well-argued, but *Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood*s success last year with both critics and audiences seemingly negates your notion that there is no longer an appetite for Hollywood nostalgia., I often think it would have been interesting if Spotlight came out in Fall 2017 or later. Might have even made more money.

Though, in a way, maybe its better that it was released two years before MeToo because it almost feels like real-life foreshadowing., I think youre right on the money with this.","[removed], I don't know if I'd say it's one of the best ever, but I do agree that its underrated and gets a bit too much flack. Where it falls down is in the characters, but it's a spectacular film about terror, loss, and hopelessness that's directed by one of the all time greats., Saw it one time in cinema back then. I remember loving the effects. The 'dustifying' lasers, as well as the farming were absolutely chilling without being gory. I also liked Tom Cruise' performance. And yeah","Go watch Fistfull of dollars if you didnt already. Sergio Leone remake of yojimbo spaghetti western, also the 1st film of the Dollars trilogy (for a few dollars more and the good the bad and the ugly) with Clint Eastwood.

Or check all of kurosawa. Sanjuro it's kind of a sequel/arc of yojimbo

Edit: and I think sanjuro was one of the first movie with one slice kill in a duel with a lot of blood spewing. Kinda inspired the lone of and the cub/shogun assassin franchise, Ive taken this quarantine time to watch all of Kurosawas films","This was not a review.  It was a blurb from a list by Tim Grierson and Will Leitch, titled, ""[All 21 Pixar Movies, Ranked From Best To Worst](https://www.vulture.com/2015/06/all-15-pixar-movies-ranked-from-worst-to-best.html).""  Oddly, and very conspicuously, you ommitted the relevant context (in bold; emphasis mine):

>**Were not sure the whole movie should have been as powerful as those opening minutes  we might** ***still*** **be weeping**  but take that away and this movie is a *lot* thinner than you remember. Sorry.

""Then the movie isn't very good."" is not, in fact","I know The Social Network uses tilt shift photography for the Henley Royal Regatta scene.

I believe the technique was used in Game Night to make real neighborhoods and cars look like miniaturized game pieces themselves., The whole cast was fantastic. Obviously Jason and Rachel are great as usual, but then you have Jesse Plemons and Michael C. Hall killing it in their smaller roles., The cinematography in Game Night was surprisingly well done. There were these tilt-shift shots, but also the impressive single-take shot that was very unexpected for a comedy.","Yeah, it's really good fun. A monster movie that isn't afraid to show off its monsters. Looking at you, Godzilla (2004).

Kong's throwing helicopters, fighting dinosaurs, it's great., Around the time of release I got a Vietnam style tattoo (completely coincidence). This drunk dude at the bar eyed it from across the way and came stumbling to me and asked why tf did I get a kong : skull island tattoo 

Edit: spelling, I also went in with pretty low expectations and ended up quite enjoying the movie. You kind of had to suspend disbelief, which","""Cigarettes in space... wouldn't they all blow up in an oxygenated environment?""

""Probably... But it's an easy fix. One line of dialogue... 'Thank god we invented the *whatever* device.'""

-------------

I adore how unabashedly shameless all of the characters are. Especially the 'M.O.D.' Squad., I love this movie. One of my favorite things about it is that it shows you how easily people are manipulated. It's really a movie about politics and the art of persuasion. It's like you get a peek behind the curtain of how easy it is to create convincing narratives","That skateboarding scene is so awesome. Also, the scenes with Sean Penn are really nice and they are able to get the underlying messages clearly. Fantastic movie! Iceland is definitely in my list of places to visit!, BEST MOVIE EVER!! this movie makes me feel seen, as a chronic daydreamer.

The cinematography was so beautiful too., Really fantastic soundtrack too, Absolutely adore that film!, I feel like the movie overall is underrated","Joker seems to be the most polarizing film in quite in awhile.  With people either loving it or loathing it.  Personally, I thought it was *okay*.  I didn't hate, and at certain points in the film I rather enjoyed it, but I was ultimately left feeling a bit disappointing and it certainly didn't live up to the massive hype.  One of those 'glad I watched it","I also find it funny that the private dick the family actually hires really respects and looks up to the Dude when he gets spotted out., This is a very complicated case, Maude. You know, a lot of ins, a lot of outs, a lot of what-have-yous  and, uh, a lot of, uh, strands to keep in my head, man. You know, a lot of strands in old Duders head, I dont roll on Shabbos

Otherwise, good post!, Ive always thought that its not so much a spoof on noir films its more of an anti-noir.  If you think of a film noir film characteristic, BL pretty much does the opposite., Oh, fuck it. Yes","Its time consuming, but John Carpenter. Made 18 films, 2 episodes of Masters of Horror, and 3 TV movies between 1974 to 2010. A lot of change in genre filmmaking, and its fun to see his evolution when times were changing. Hes got some frustrating parts to his filmography, but I think almost everything has something to appreciate, and even becomes both interesting and sad to see how desperate he was to make a Western, especially as his career was coming to its twilight years in the 90s., Paul Thomas Anderson","Two names you can hear shouted in front of Sal's when all hell breaks loose:  Michael Stewart and Eleanor Bumpurs.  Stewart was a graffiti artist.  Eleanor Bumpurs was a mentally ill, elderly woman.  Both were shot dead by the NYPD.  Radio Raheem was based on Stewart.

To put a fine point on it, the film itself was released the same year Central Park Five were falsely convicted.  Donald Trump took out an $85,000 full page ad in the *New York Times*, demanding capital punishment for the five whose bogus confessions were coerced by NYPD.","[Thomas Flight](https://www.youtube.com/user/thecreativesidetv) has great videos about editing and other general stuff.

[Lessons from the Screenplay](https://www.youtube.com/c/LessonsfromtheScreenplay/featured) is also a good channel. More about writing and screenplays but a lot of fun film knowledge there. Worth checking out., I cant recommend highly enough the royal ocean film society. He covers topics outside of film a little as well but his narration and animation are top notch, Oooh, boy. This is my jam!

Try the following: 

 Now You See it - Closest conceptually to Every Frame","I love the part where they get sad about burning the books to stay warm (despite them being surrounded by wooden furniture), If you can suspend your disbelief well enough, this movie is a super fun watch.

Its definitely a turn your brain off movie, Y'know the crazy thing? There's actually kind of a real-life parallel to that. I mean, that scene (and the whole movie tbh) is obviously completely absurd, but there's a real weather phenomenon called a Blue Norther that happens occasionally out in the Midwest.

There are basically no natural barriers all the way from the Arctic to the Midwest","The main character pt Barnum was not a nice guy, I didnt see very much of it, maybe the first 20 minutes or so on a plane, and I was thoroughly unimpressed by it. I didnt feel any need to try and finish it later, despite loving Hugh Jackman, Michelle Williams, Rebecca Ferguson, and Zendaya., I hated how they made PT Barnum seem like a cool dude, when he was actually a despicable person., Songs were okay, except the one with the bearded lady which was amazing. Story was bland and full of cliche, while the characters were unlikable. 

Good to read that others think the same.","Kung-Fu Panda 3.

I'm going to talk about the end here, so the rest will be spoilered.

>!The hero commits suicide at the end. !<

>!So, to break it down. At the end of the first film, Po uses the Wuxi Finger Hold to defeat Tai Lung. It's never made 100% explicit, but it's heavily implied to kill him.!<

>!Fast forwards to the end of 3 and Po realises that he can't defeat Kai with the Wuxi Finger Hold because he's a spirit warrior  - i.e. someone who has already come back from the dead. So Po grabs him around the neck and uses the Wuxi Finger Hold *on himself*","Resevoir Dogs. Great set-ups and character building., Raising Arizona. You get the entire story of Hi and Ed, how they met, Hi's philosophy on life, them falling in love, and that great yodelling theme song before the title screen. 11 minutes of perfection., * Raiders of the Lost Ark: the scene of him recovering the idol was a perfect intro to his character.
* The Dark Knight: Pretty much what you said. It was an absolutely insane way to introduce The Joker.
* Goodfellas: what a way to throw us right into the world of the mafia.","2001: Shrek

2004: Shrek 2

2007: Shrek The Third, Some that immediately jump to mind:

- **1999:** Fight Club, Magnolia, The Matrix, Sixth Sense, Virgin Suicides, Phantom Menace, Galaxy Quest, Eyes Wide Shut, 10 Things I hate About You, South Park, Office Space, Boys Don't Cry, Blair Witch, Iron Giant, Being John Malkovich, Talented Mr. Ripley, American Beauty

- **1974:** Man with the Golden Gun, Blazing Saddles, Godfather Part II, Chinatown, the Conversation, Murder on the Orient Express, Great Gatsby, Young Frankenstein, Longest Yard

- **1994:** Pulp Fiction, Leon The Professional","I find it fascinating that its possible somehow to make a trilogy thats every bit as bad as the prequels, but in a completely different way. And in both cases with every imaginable resource under the sun. Then again Im not sure what else we might have expected. And for all that I do quite enjoy Rogue One, for all its narrative mess., The real insult was finding out that they didnt actually plan anything or have answers for the questions raised in Force Awakens.

Rian Johnson kind of accidentally confirmed it on the Last Jedi commentary",">!Her role will actually be pretty small in Death on The Nile, Im guessing that she is only being shown so much in the marketing because other major cast members (Armie Hammer and Letitia Wright) are *controversial* to say the least.!< (minor spoilers about the size of her role in Death on The Nile), Are you referring to examples like this?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26N7jyIxJPY, Her inability to act is partly why she was so good in WW. WW is out of place in the Mans World and since shes such a low tier actress among career actors it sold really well. Red Notice","[removed], So, while not as in depth as your great analysis, my wife and I talked over a *lot* of the same points as you after we watched it last night.

We did compare it to Coco and Moana and had issues with the scope. Some of the songs did feel off to us. We both liked Luisa's song as a song, but do agree it takes you out of the moment for the film.

It did seem heavy on the things that I personally dislike about Lin Manuel Miranda. I had actually been surprised that I liked Moana so much, but you mentioning he was reined in a bit makes sense.

At the end of the movie","A lot of people cant seem to differentiate or separate depiction and endorsement., Really. There isnt a line crossed when she: 

1) shows child her breasts 
2) lays on water bed with child
3) stumbles around high in only underwear with child 

Like are you fucking kidding me? Just because its a woman who is older than a boy does not make it OK. Its creepy, its weird, shes NOT in between adulthood and childhood, as you say. Thats a full on grown woman. 

Also, at one point when theyre in the van with Bradley  Coopers character, Job Peters","I loved him in 'Killing Them Softly'. It was a complete 180 from the smart-ass wiseguys I usually see him play., He was perfect in [Cop Land](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nifWUdAZRcY), Obviously GoodFellas but he was a GREAT father in Blow despite the small amount of scenes. 

RIP to a legend, Something Wild by Jonathan Demme, *Field of Dreams* - he played Shoeless Joe Jackson and I think *Cop Land* is underrated.

And, obviously, *Goodfellas*, Easy: *No Escape*. Is it his best movie? No, of course not. Is it bad? Yeah, kinda. Is it awesome? ***Fuck yes it is.***","I like your takes, at least from a screenwriting/character development angle. Solid flick, too, solid write up, thanks, This is the kinda post that I love about this sub. I learned a lot and can watch the film in a new way, thanks OP, I really like all of your takes.


The first one is tricky","I agree that Endgame worked as a sendoff for the series. Now I don't look at the movies as part of a series or universe but as standalone entries. If a movie happens to be good, its value is not diminished by the fact that it follows Endgame. For me, the Avengers storyline is done and finished., Idk I still enjoy them. They're predictably fun movies. I know exactly what I'm going to get and I'll be entertained for the duration. They aren't high art, but not everything has to be.

My hot take is that people are way too impassioned about the MCU. People who love it","I had the very weird experience of watching taxi driver for the first time the day before I saw the joker. Not intentionally at all. Just happened by chance. 

I think the reason Jokers cribbing didnt work for me is it felt like it was borrowing Taxi Drivers heaviness but without earning it. Reminded me of a bad season of an otherwise great TV show, where the writers run out of ideas so they go back and just riff off of old material. Its a lot of *wink wink, get it?* Like yes we get it, its very obvious, but what are you adding here that I need to see?","2021's final kick in the balls., From Betty White herself about the passing of Lucille Ball: ""No matter how many tears we cry today, the laughs will outnumber them."", Remember she enjoyed life and always had a good time
 She'd be happy for you all to carry on with smiles and laughs, I hate when people talk about death like that , cringe, The worlds lost a darling, thats for sure. Her work with animals is legendary, Ok, so excuse this for being callous, but... I don't care. I think it's cool to honor her career and celebrate the great life she had, but the woman was 99. She had a long","Part two was announced a few hours ago, I just finished watching this half an hour ago. I absolutely loved it!

I watched the original movie decades ago and didn't enjoy it at all, I've also never read the book., Never read the book but had no issues following along with Dune 2021; my wife isnt even a sci-fi fan and she understood it.  The 80s Dune on the other hand was. challenging., Jodorowsky-Moebius Dune.","Looking back at it, we really had everything, didnt we?, I have the thing where I'm glad it was made and that it found an audience, but didn't enjoy it as a movie really at all., I've just this minute finished watching it. What a confusingly paced movie. 

Firstly I'm at a loss to explain how anyone could find it ""hilarious"", it's a satire sure but there wasn't a single scene i found funny","The Rock and Little Rock. They are in more Rom-Coms together than Sandler and Barrymore., For the most part I'll watch anyone depending on the movie. For example, I'm not into the stuff Tyler Perry makes, but I'll sure as shit watch him in Gone Girl. So I will actively avoid films that are *vehicles* for people like Rob Schneider or Kevin James or James Corden or Chris Pratt or Ed Helms or Chuck Norris or Michael Moore or Melissa McCarthy or Liam Hemsworth or, Joey King bugs the life out of me.","The top mod at /r/movies made fun of Zack Snyder because his daughter committed suicide, so don't take anything those clowns do seriously., /r/filmdiscussion is also a small community I started as sort of an imdb message board for films, and it's pretty freaking unmodded, but man... it's not specific subs that stink, it's the impenetrable nature of how mods can work in the background without accountability. But I just made it to add to the discussion, without the punitive nature of arbitrary removals. If I know why something is pulled","Here's a confusing question: the various Guilds and unions would and have filed protests when a theatre doesn't display the credits properly during a screening. Why don't they do the same for linear TV and streaming services?, More reason to support the Criterion Channel., pssst you can turn off autoplay settings on most of the major streaming services. Netflix is probably the most difficult but go into your account settings on desktop. Hulu is right in the web browser while watching something, prime is on the desktop main page settings. I know this option doesnt exist yet on appletv+/hbomax","Here's the thing, it's not as black and white as 'Fjolnir bad!'

King Ethan Hawk kidnapped queen Gudrun from her village and forced her to marry him and sleep with him.

And Fjolnir, born a bastard, was the only one who empathized and helped save her.


So near the end when Amleth says ""he'll hunt us down"" he's just giving himself a reason to continue his self-destructive revenge plot.  He basically cant let himself escape his destiny and move on and be happy.","Drew Barrymore being killed in the beginning of Scream. It's an iconic scene now, but it was meant to shock the audience that one of the biggest stars died in the opener., I showed my wife the usual suspects a few months ago, but she already knew Kevin spacey was kaiser soze and it really ruined the entire experience., [removed], I'll never forget the first close-up of the bulletin board in The Usual Suspects, The end of the 1978 version of *Invasion of the Body Snatchers*, When they realized Nilbog was Goblin spelt backwards in Troll 2.",">	What is your greatest ambition in life?"" 

>	To become immortal, and then die."", Even though I personally consider him to be the most overrated filmmaker of all time (just my opinion...I'm not trying to get on a soapbox with a hot take) I have nothing but respect for him and what he means for cinema., You know hes an artist when most pictures of him are just him smoking in black and white, Is there audio of this?, https://youtu.be/H0XmG_w2WbE starting from 2:52, The actor who  says this is Jean-Pierre Melville, another great french director.","I have loved Batman since I first saw the campy Adam West show with my grandfather when I was little and I grew up on the animated series. I love all things Batman and I generally enjoy all of the other Batman movies that have come out. Theres things I like and dislike in all of them, but I felt that this one had an authentic vision of Gotham that the other movies lacked, and we saw a realistic vision of what some of these over-the-top characters could be like in that world.

In most peoples eyes","I remember seeing in on TV many years ago, and they censored a scene where she says ""suck my dick"" to ""suck my stick"". That's my entire recollection, >two of its other generational talents being involved with an otherwise forgettable movie: Ridley Scott and Viggo Mortensen. Three people who can never be removed from the annals of movie history came together to make a 'meh' movie

This was still at the point in Viggo's career where he was married with a young kid","Goodbye Danny Tanner. Thank you for the wonderful childhood memories., Oh, wow. I'd just seen his bit from THE ARISTOCRATS again recently and was properly shocked for the second time. That's a shame., That headline to the article is misleading:

'No foul play,

Drugs suspected'

It actually means 'no foul play OR drugs suspected'. No cause of death identified yet. 

RIP Bob.

Edit: looks like the article has been edited since and it's made my comment redundant., Dont forget Americas Funniest Home Videos!, Ever sucked cock  for coke??

Yea didn't think so.","Dude, how can you so casually skip *Highlander* -- the pinnacle of Clancy's career? [""I have something to say! It's better to burn out than to fade away!""](https://np.reddit.com/r/MovieDetails/comments/f1o6fy/in_highlander_1986_clancy_brown_the_kurgen/), >I feel like Clancy Brown has to be one of the most successful and iconic actors that most people wouldn't be able to name

Also [James Hong](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0393222/?ref_=tt_cl_t_5). Dude has 448 acting credits to his name., Carnivale on HBO is the best of his work imo.

great show in general that gets overlooked","Poor Godzilla catching two strays in the same sentence., Youre being pretty generous with the word genre, I think Spielberg (and the writers) understood that human characters matter more than anything else. The monsters/effects/spectacle are important, but what makes Jaws magical are the little moments between people., Bong Joon-Ho killed it with The Host. And I think Deep Blue Sea and The Shallows are both good movies. Expecting anyone to compare to Spielberg is unfair., I would challenge this statement with 20000 Leagues Under the Sea","-	Amadeus (1984)
-	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? (1966), To me, Jaws is the perfect movie., To me movies without a wasted frame 

\-Whiplash 

\-Parasite, Casablanca. Every little piece of it fits exactly where it belongs.

Casablanca isnt my favorite movie ever (that honor goes to Ratatouille or The Conversation depending on the day) but its the closest thing that I feel exists to a truly perfect film., In Bruges has one of the tightest scripts. Not a word in there or scene doesn't do something for characters or do something of importance later in the story. 

Add into that the writing","Thank you for sharing! I love it., If you like movies and actors, I built Hollywoodle - https://www.hollywoodle.ml.

Its basically a combination of the Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon and Wordle, If you're not already on the sub, r/GuessTheMovie similarly allows you to guess movies based on a still image. Difficulty is much harder though, given you don't get multiple screen shots., Well","Here is a good interview she did in 2021. Sounds like she is happy and living a good life. Still taking some roles in TV and Movies. She is a great actress and while she had potential to be a huge star over the decades it seems like she wasn't interested.

>I ask how you can keep that up, starting your career with such a huge, groundbreaking film and a best supporting actress Oscar nomination.

>You cant. You cant. Its so interesting to me as well. The idea of maintaining, of being a movie star","Well, well, well. I feeling kinda dumb as I finish watching ""Indiana Jones and The Temple of Doom""-----turns out I was watching the 1st Indiana Jones movie, Raiders of the Lost Ark. I think I figured it out when Marion showed up for the first time.

I will apologize for being a doofus and not knowing the difference. But ""Lost Ark"" is still one that's worth watching. I'll have to go the library and see if it's available.

Thanks for the comments, Don't worry, it still slaps. 

Though personally, Last Crusade is my favorite., I like you Mike.  Keep doing your thing.","I see it more as a 'period piece' or 'character piece' than a (stereo)typical Western.  Yes, that's splitting hairs rather finely, but the main focal elements are on James' self-perception, as seen by Ford-James interactions.  If anything, the film is almost a spiritual sibling to *Cool Hand Luke*.

As I re-watch (and re-watch, and re-watch), I'm also reminded of how powerful a part the (fantastic) the Nick Cave + Warren Ellis soundtrack plays in the overall experience.  Not an exaggeration to say the film wouldn't be half so good without such aching ambient music.

*The Proposition* (2005)","My hot take. 

Instead of a Comanche dub, they should have gone all the way and made it in Comanche, It's a frequently used movie convention that when the actors are speaking English but the characters are clearly and overwhelmingly obviously supposed to be speaking something else their delivery is made very stylized, stilted. It's also a quick way too add gravitas and nobility. I think this was a terrible idea to start with, but we've gotten used to it and we're kinda stuck with it.

People in real life, in whatever language, mostly speak naturally and easily","Somebody did the same thing when I saw No Country for Old Men. 

Yes, No Country for Old Men., had to listen to a woman complain through the entirety of The Green Knight.

she was a row in front of us, and at the end of the film i turned to my friend and said, loud enough so she could hear, that was AMAZING!!! and my friend replied that was the greatest movie ive ever seen! and then i said can i get a fist bump for how SICK that movie was? and we just went on until she made a face at us and left

the movie was good enough that she didnt ruin it","Also just to add Ebert's list of top movies is fantastic

https://www.rogerebert.com/great-movies, It's perfectly reasonable despite several questionable picks, and it has fairly high overlap with more highly respected lists. While I prefer the Letterboxd list, the IMDB list is a solid gateway to plenty of classics., Are you posting that on every movie subreddit?, I've been going through the list for a while now and ran across some \*amazing\* Turkish, Indian and Chinese films I would've probably not gotten myself to watch any other way. I think it's a great list!","It's not good eye candy. 

I watched a bad movie the other day and the opening scene showed the characters walking across the snow. I was pleasantly surprised to noticed that they filmed on location. The REAL sunlight! REAL LANDSCAPES! It's great to see movies do that

On the flip side, Marvel filmed the Infinity War Wakanda scene ON LOCATION yet despite still making it overloaded with color grading and effects it ended up still looking like it was done in a warehouse. Hell, even the real costumes the characters wear have a CGI filter overlay over them.","There are certain films where I have felt having the theatrical experience, and IMAX if possible, is so important. It was actually Vilenueve's Blade Runner 2049 that gave me the same feeling. I genuinely felt bad that so many people didn't see it in a theatrical setting. I would read posts about people who finally checked it out later on their home TV and adored it and felt they really had missed something special by not seeing it for the first time in a big theatre. To me, for these specific films","[deleted], Know what? I'm happy for you, I really am. Go forth and enjoy!

For another old-fashioned epic, try The Bridge on the River Kwai. For an adventure flick that's pretty much perfect in every way, watch Raiders of the Lost Ark., Dune is a perfect example of a Sci fi/Fantasy series that doesn't invest itself in action. It invested itself in psychology, concept","The same theorem that pertains to early albums - you have your entire life to write your first, and far less time to write each subsequent., Same reason so many artists' first project is their best and they never reach it again. Rocky was something Stallone was super passionate about and put a ton of himself into. Let's not forget the guy also came up with and co-wrote and directed and starred in Rambo as well though. He's a talented guy., William Goldman (a pretty good writer himself) once addressed this - he said Stallone simply found it easier to be a movie star than to be a writer","Longer != Better

Stop asking for longer, beefier cuts of every single movie. Editing exists for a reason, and in *most* cases the scenes that were cut were cut for a reason. In a similar vein, almost no major blockbuster movie needs to be 150+ minutes long, this usually causes most of them to become meandering and uneven. Bring back focused, tightly written 100 minute films., Unpopular opinion but these thread are painfully dull to read because it ultimately boils down to people looking for validation for pretty ordinary views on films, the kind you can find with little effort on IMDb.","echoes of The Godfather movies for me

**it's a commentary on how inequalities persist through the generations, even in America where they're not supposed to**

and can we give respect to Ben Mendelsohn too...what a character, I didn't realize this was not more popular, it's really one of the best films I've ever seen and is incredible to rewatch. Beautiful, thought provoking and as you said the cinematography and soundtrack are stunning, I remember watching it the first time a little while after it hit BR and thinking it was good, solid B+","This movie was great. The visuals with slow motion and bright colours from the drugs. Straight to the point movie and well made., It's a movie that I definitely enjoyed more the second time after a few years. And during that time I read cyberpunk books and played cyberpunk games., Saying its 10 years ago makes me feel old, Incredible movie and the only one I saw in 3D. I was lucky enough to see it in the cinema and went in with poor expectations and was instantly made to sit up and take notice with the opening chase and incredible soundtrack. 

The casting was top notch all round","""As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster."", Trainspotting. Choose life., Super Troopers

Ok not the best ever, but perfect for what it is. YOU BOYS LIKE MEXICO??, Even though the ending was kind of shit and I was never sold on Irish Cameron Diaz but the opening scene to Gangs of New York was perfect, I think Pulp Fiction might be my favorite. 

I love you Pumpkin.

I love you Honey Bunny., Magnolia. Hooked me completely., [deleted], Maybe not the best ever","There Will Be Blood less about struggle more about a Psychopath being a Psychopath. Henry Portrait of a Serial Killer is an interesting film I would say is more what youre looking for. Good Time/Uncut Gems maybe more Narcissistic than Psychopath but clearly self centered people to a fault., Nightcrawler. I suppose its debatable whether he is by definition a psychopath but this feels in the realm of what youre looking for, The King of Comedy! Criminally under-appreciated film, The first two movies that come to mind *involve* crime","They're serious and grim yet still have ludicrous plots., The first Kingsman (though they really lost the plot in the last one) was quite close. The opening rescue in the mountains and Colin Firth in the bar (manners maketh man) was incredible. 

Make Bond fun. He's an escape. He does things and gets away with things none of us can -which is why we enjoy(ed) the movies. 

GoldenEye was a great modern reboot. TND found the exact right niche, and then they went way over the top. 

We need a Bond that has the wink and a smile that Anna brought to the party.","Strange Days is great. I saw it for the first time a few years ago. I love everything about it, from the atmosphere, to the look of a decaying LA, to the rock n roll club with Juliette Lewis singing, to the pure chaos! 

I love how the movie combines Neo-Noir and Cyberpunk really well., Juliette Lewis on rollerskates., its really fucking cool, i dont think it did really well on release. definitely one of the cyberpunk movies from the era that has aged the best","I wasnt a fan of the original Top Gun and dont plan on seeing the new movie. That said, I am so glad the fans of it have a sequel they really, really enjoy. That doesnt happen very often, so when it does, its something to really be happy about. So congrats to the fans!","Scorsese actually went on a major bender in the late 70's, he probably would have OD'ed had De Niro not helped him out and convinced him to make Raging Bull, Interesting The Color Purple is overlooked in this commentary, [deleted], Big difference has to be their production in the 21st century. Scorsese is still making masterpieces or at least fun movies while Spielberg has kinda just made average movies, How incredible, how fortunate","Its the incredibly obvious one, but also fits your prompt Melancholia., Lost in Translation

Shithouse

Inside Llewyn Davis

Eternal Sunshine, Manchester by the Sea, Most Charlie Kaufman movies fit: Eternal Sunshine, Synecdoche New York, Being John Malkovich., Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless mind always makes me feel this way. 

Call Me By Your Name also invokes these feelings for me as as well after Ive watched it., It can't be said enough: Melancholia. It's the most accurate portrait of depression I've seen in any movie, Ive always loved Wristcutters: A Love Story","An agent turns into Morpheus for some reason. This makes me think that they intend to do another sequel. There's no point in it otherwise., No Laurence Fishburne and Hugo Weaving was a pretty big issue for me, especially as their characters still had pretty major roles. The new actors playing them also being quite mediocre definitely didn't help in trying to forget their absence., Agree with virtually all your points. Curious what you thought about the look of the movie. I had a hard time with the lackluster cinematography., Wow","Herk Harvey.  Carnival of Souls.  One hit wonder by default being the only mainstream film the director ever made. 

Horror classic that was hugely inspirational to directors like David Lynch and Lucretia Martel., Behn Zeitlin with *Beasts of the Southern Wild*. An indie darling that racked up Oscar nominations, followed up *eight years later* by a Peter Pan movie that nobody saw. Nothing since then.

Come to think of it, the cast was one hit wonders as well., Mary Harron - American Psycho, Marc Webb","Hes a great actor. Its refreshing having an empathetic character like him. In most movies, people in his position wouldnt have given a second thought about helping Mr Orange, even if it was basically his downfall and caused the Mexican standoff at the end., [deleted], My opinion of Mr White is he is a well fleshed out character with layers because he is the elder statesman of the crew. Hes probably felt like almost everyone else there does now at one point in his life. He doesnt just understand people, hes lived in their shoes. Hes done time, hes learned his craft","Yes! The Paris motorcycle chase is a flipping work of art., Yeah Fallout was something special. The pace of that movie is so intoxicating. I re-watch it all the time. It tosses you in and just keeps going. My gripe is the final helicopter fight, it's just too outlandish and ridiculous, if that was better it'd be a perfect movie in my opinion., Yes it was, for me ita in contention for the best action movie ever along with the likes of Hard Boiled, Police Story, and The Raid 2. 

Recommendations are kinda hard since its just the common Hollywood blockbuster but done extremely well","I saw it again last weekend. So much better this time around., I remember the _depth_ of the 3D world being what impressed me most about seeing Avatar when it first came out. As you said, it doesn't rely on the pop-out gimmicks that many 3D films of that time did. It instead used the 3D technology to build the many worlds of Pandora in greater depth and therefore increased the immersion in the film.

From memory, it was the jungle scenes that displayed this best","The Good, The Bad and The Ugly, I always enjoyed John Dies At The End because >!John actually dies halfway through the film!<. 

Although I'm yet to see it, I've always been partial to The Cook, The Thief, His Wife and Her Lover. Also Wax, or the Discovery of Television Among the Bees, Big Trouble in Little China., I haven't seen it yet, but I Saw The Devil is an excellent one, I don't know anything about the movie, but I love the title *Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!*, Dont Tell Mom the Babysitters Dead, Hard to pick one single title that ticks all the boxes","""I said forget about it cuh"" - Paul Walker, 2 Fast 2 Furious, THIS IS KATANA. SHE'S GOT MY BACK. SHE COULD CUT ALL OF YOU IN HALF WITH ONE SWORD STROKE JUST LIKE MOWING THE LAWN. I WOULD ADVISE NOT GETTING KILLED BY HER, HER SWORD TRAPS THE SOULS OF ITS VICTIMS., Somehow, Palpatine returned, I have orgasms, he has WARGASMS - Savages, ""You killed my mother's sister"" from Ready Player One, I fuck. Hard. - Christian Grey in 50 shades. Probably cheating to use that movie but eh., [removed]","Wonder Boys.

I was ambivalent towards it, the first time I watched it.  I liked it on a second viewing.  I love it now, and have for a long time since.

Its a movie that grows WITH you, as you watch it over time.  And you find new things to discover in it, and in yourself., Coen Bros Millers Crossing. Just perfect. Killer dialogue, characters, acting, and plot. Exciting, meaningful, hilarious. Its got everything. And its the only movie that has the scene where Gabriel Byrne takes John Turturro out into the woods.","They have a dozen or more ""alternative posters"" for each movie or show and the algorithm decides what to show you based on your viewing habits., The tiles on Netflix are likely chosen to maximize the likelihood of getting views. Within the last few years Netflix started to use tiles with people's faces for the majority of their films, likely because we as social beings respond most viscerally to images of the human face.

The next logical step to further increase the chances of a ""click"" are using the face of the *most* recognizable actor of the film (regardless of the actors screen time)","Thats funny you mentioned not understanding why youre supposed to care about Duncan Idaho because I felt that way with the book. His death didnt bother me at all. But in the movie it actually did! So for me that character worked better in the movie., You got something wrong about your take. There's an underlying assumption that all stories are character driven and Villeneuve failed to do this in his adaption, however, this problem absolutely originates from the book. Dune is about it's worlds and societies, not any people in particular.","Natural Born Killers. Ive never been able to sit through the whole thing. Its hyper-stylized which I understand is what is appealing to some people. For me its unwatchable., Jurassic World Dominion. As a OG JP fan this was something I looked forward to and had to leave way early in theaters. I did rewatch the beginning again as the extended version, it was a better go this time but still was so hard to enjoy","I feel I'm overrating The Batman but for me it's mostly to do with something I've been dying for in a super hero movie: the stakes are for once small, the crime and criminals are street level. We haven't had a super hero movie like that in a LONG time and for me it's scratching an itch I had badly. Even ""friendly neighborhood"" Spider-Man in the MCU is being dragged into intetgalactic fist fights","Movie theaters should do this (as the new Beverly does), not distribution companies., Unless they reduce the number of previews/trailers, I wouldnt support this. Movies start far too late after the scheduled showtime as it is., With some movies kicking in 3hr run times as standard, soon you'd only be able to do 2 viewings a days, I'd demand an intermission too for a toilet break and restock on supplies., If its not revenue generating, then its not going to happen., Alamo drafthouse does this. They have a montage of funny random clips that are thematically related to the movie.","I can certainly see the parallels, and Ebert wasn't alone at the time. [Alexander Walker](http://kec-asa2filmmedia.blogspot.com/2012/11/fight-club-single-film-critical-study_23.html), critic of the London Evening Standard said, ""It echoes propaganda that gave licence to the brutal activities of the SA and the SS. It resurrects the Fhrer principle. It promotes pain and suffering as the virtues of the strongest. It tramples every democratic decency underfoot."" 

The film presents the eponymous Club as a glorification of violence as a means of uniting people","Harry Dean Stanton was just phenomenal in this flick, Do you have the criterion collection version? There's a bonus feature that includes B-roll footage from the Super 8 that does the nostalgia thing amazingly

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJI\_wC82k0A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJI_wC82k0A)

I believe this is it, I agree with you completely. This film is a masterpiece, and if you enjoyed it, I highly suggest you check out [The Road Trilogy](https://www.criterion.com/boxsets/1186-wim-wenders-the-road-trilogy), Gimme all the Harry Dean. The man was clay, Beautiful beautiful movie.","These movies make money by default. They dont give a turd about making them any good, Garbage movie. That scene with the bull was just fucking awful, >Gal Gadot really is giving nothing she is a pretty blank slate.

Much like everything else she's ever done, you mean?, Lol anyone watching it for anything other than the action idk what you were expecting, >Is he the one creating all these corny, dreadfully unfunny sarcastic lines?

No, that would be the screenwriter(s).  And yes","For anyone fascinated by the history of Nosferatu I also recommend Werner Herzog's 1979 remake of the original titled Nosferatu the Vampyre, >Trendy director of the week Robert Eggers

I feel like it's been a few years now., Too bad its not streaming now. Any idea where to watch?, Do you have a list of your 100 years of horror on Letterboxd? I wanna work through them all, I love the scene where he snatches the bat out of the air and gobbles it down., I think Willem Dafoe is the only good thing about this movie., Dafoe has been in so many shows","I saw Ghostbusters 2 before I saw the first one as a kid and I've always liked it more (not that GB1 isn't a fantastic movie itself), Tron: Legacy for me. I know the original is a quirky cult classic vs a bloated Disney blockbuster but the production design and vibrant imagery, the epic Daft Punk soundtrack, the world building both inside and outside the Grid, it seemed to really raise the bar on all fronts and Im always surprised it just gets a meh from the vast majority of people who see it. I come back to it far more than the original now.","1. The Thing
2. The Descent
3. The Shining, 1. The Shining
2. The Exorcist 
3. Lady in White, 1. The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari (1920, so *really* classic I guess)
2. What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (psychological more than gore)
3. Young Frankenstein 

Also, doesn't really fit any of the categories, but The Host (2006, Korea) is pretty darn good!, Make sure you check out r/horrormoviechallenge too if you haven't already!

&#x200B;

1. Demons (1985) (or Ghostwatch (1992)","I thought his role in Django was a not typical Leo role. I dont think hes ever played an eccentric villainous character to that degree before. As usual he was fantastic.

Eta: ah Im guessing you mean something in the fantasy or superhero genre. I just dont think thats something hes interested in doing and I would be very surprised to see him in that type of role. Hes very Scorsese old school., I think perhaps a big reason for this not happening is that those types of movies lend themselves to franchises and Leo is one of the very few A-list actors who has never appeared in one","Oh hell yes. Bowfinger is one of the best satires on the filmmaking industry I've ever seen., ""Don't show it to the Laker Girls...""

Apparently Louis CK forgot about this part.

And, (having been in 'the industry' since '94) everything you said is 100% true. 

And always walk as fast as possible past any Scientology center. Do not make eye contact. Those people are fucking terrifying.","I think you've got a very valid point there.  I think it's achieved cult classic honors for all of the things you've mentioned and has some **damn** good moments and scenes that go underappreciated because of Lopez and Vaughn.  

I watched this when I was younger and the scene with the iron is still burned into my memory.  The costume design and trippy dream sequences are quite amazing.  Also Vincent D'Onofrio is perfect like you said but I think a lot of people discredited the movie for having the other leads cast the way they did.  

Still a great movie working against the tide","For a sillier example - I don't think Tom Cruise in Tropic Thunder works as well without 20 years of him being a heartthrob movie star first., The go-to answer is clean cut leading man Henry Fonda as the child-killing villain in Once Upon a Time in the West., A classic one is Leslie Nielsen in Airplane, who was know for playing non-comedic roles beforehand. This added to the deadpan delivery of his performance.","> I don't understand why major studios are putting hard bans on them.

Movie studios make money by reliably attracting audiences of children. No one wants to be pilloried as anti-kid/ unsafe, so they ban stuff.

They've done it for decades:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Picture_Production_Code

Anyway, major studios banned smoking between 2005 and 2015 (Disney was last, ):

https://www.indiewire.com/2019/07/hollywood-studios-banned-on-screen-smoking-1202156534/","Always amazed that 12 Angry Men got no acting nominations. The greatest ensemble performance of all time, there was several strong candidates for acting nominations, in particular Lee J. Cobb (Juror 3) and Ed Begley (Juror 10)., Paul Giamatti for Sideways. Especially odd given how the movie picked up other nominations, DiCaprio in The Departed. He ran a fucking acting clinic and ended up getting snubbed. Meanwhile, they nominated Mark Wahlberg (who arguably had the worst, hammiest performance of the entire cast)., Toni Collette in all her performances.",N/A,"Colonel Kurtz's jungle temple seemed like a nice hangout., Castle Anthrax - Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The diner in Diner. And Jack Rabbit Slims from Pulp Fiction., The Green Dragon in the Shire and 10 Forward on the Enterprise., The room above the convenience store. I want my Garmonbozia, The kid's mansion in Blank Check, The Black Lodge from Twin Peaks, Go to the Winchester, have a pint and wait for this to blow over.","I don't know if they are comparable. The multiverse in Everything Everywhere is a whole metaphor about letting go of the past and being in the present moment. In Dr. Strange, it seems mainly just a fun way to juggle IP and give some freedom for new ideas without breaking continuity., I haven't seen too many movies that came out this year, but EEAAO is the best film I've seen so far. Original (ish), funny, heartful, bizarre, amazing. I've been moderately disappointed with the last few Marvel movies since Endgame","I think anybody would have to be a fool to underestimate James Cameron. Maybe the people who are young enough to only know him as the guy who slaps his name as a producer credit on mediocre sci-fi movies. But when you get a legit written-and-directed James Cameron movie, it's about as close as you can get to a guarantee of a good time. His record as a blockbuster director is really very impressive., >He waited until people are getting kind of sick of superhero movies.

He did? By which I mean","I'd guess there's probably far more reluctance to hand $100M+ to a guy who hasn't made a good movie in literally 25 years than there is to spend probably a tenth of that on a mini-series for streaming., Well he hasn't made a movie worth rewatching since 1997 (The Rainmaker), and Jack, Tetro, and Twixt were critically panned and underperformed at the box office. 

I love everything he directed in the '70s, but that' 50 years ago now. I can understand the reluctance in giving him funding., The Godfather should forever be untouched, True. But he does NOW have the funding for his final project","I am not a fan of Baz Luhrmann, I think his style is usually overly weird for what the subject matter warrants, but I recently saw Elvis and really enjoyed it. This was one movie where his kinda disorienting, heavy-handed style worked in his favor in my opinion., Really don't like Tim Burton movies but enjoyed Ed Wood., I dislike Lars Von Trier films, but I still felt Dogville was highly interesting and very well made., I dont hate Richard Kelly but at this point I have to think Donnie Darko mustve been a fluke.  I love that movie but have found the rest of his output nearly unwatchable.","Blade runner and blade runner 2049., Trainspotting and Trainspotting 2 is 21 years I think., Tron 2 was 28 years later., Bambi and Bambi 2 - 64 years

Rambo 3 and Rambo -20 years, Godfather 2 and Godfather 3, 23 between the Wall Street movies, 25 years between Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me and The Return., The shining and doctor sleep, [deleted], 54 years between Mary Poppins and Mary Poppins Returns, The Hustler (1961) and The Color of Money (1986) \~25 years, 33 years between Coming to America and Coming 2 America, Clerks and clerks 2 was like 12 years apart","Great little film!!! It's an intriguing companion film to the series ""Narcos"", Agreed. I was a great movie and true story. It happened in my home town and was the first major news story I remember. I wish Tom Cruise would do more dramas as well. My favorite TC movies arent really his action movies but his more dramatic parts (Rain Man, The Firm)., I liked it. Aside from *Jumper* (and from what I heard about *Chaos Walking* that seems to be a similar misfire), Doug Liman proved to be a pretty accomplished director in blockbusters. He and Cruise did well on *Edge of Tomorrow*","I liked reading it, too. Long ago. They even had a section on live theatre every few weeks, which was cool. But even before it turned into a gossip rag, they entered into some kind of an unholy alliance with Musicland/Sam Goody to sell subscriptions at the checkout that were secured renewal with a credit card. And -- according to someone who worked there -- employees were written up if they didn't offer it every transaction and would also be written up if they didn't personally sell at least two every week. That may not seem like much","There Will Be Blood. I only watched it a couple months ago, so I'm really late to it. Those first five minutes have no dialogue, just Daniel Day-Lewis crawling around, but they tell you so much about the character and the tone of the film., Drive. One of the most intense/suspenseful openings in any movie I can remember. Its just perfect, full metal jacket is an awesome intro, maybe even better than the rest of the movie??

in recent memory SICARIO really grabbed me and never let go.","It certainly helps to be a fan of the first one, but I don't think it's necessary. I actually think having a meta appreciation for Tom Cruise is more important than any prior relationship with the characters., If you like airplanes at all, you should see it.

If you like action movies at all, you should see it.

If you like Tom Cruise at all, you should see it.

If you think Jennifer Connelly is a mythical creature more beautiful than anything else seen upon this earth, you should see it.","Love Shinya Tsukamoto. He made several other movies that are more ""normal,"" but Tetsuo is a classic., Japanese extreme cyberpunk is an amazing genre to delve into, I'd recommend 964 Pinocchio and Rubbers Lover by Shozin Fukui if you liked Tetsuo. Pinocchio in particular has some of the coolest and craziest guerilla filmmaking I've ever seen (might want to avoid it if you're grossed out by puke though), Classic.
Still won't watch it again though, one time is enough for me., Movie fucking rocks. Check out Bullet Ballet by the same director its not as crazy but just as awesome.","Without a doubt, The Untouchables. 

Absolutely ridiculous , historically inaccurate, and ludicrous parts ruin it for me. 

Connery is quoted to this day, for Dont bring a knife to a gun fight, yet goes to meet an intruder in his apartment unarmed. 

The crew goes from urban nerds and accountants to expert cowboys on horseback with no training. 

Nitti meets a violent end at the hands of Ness",This is the most common criticism of the movie...,"high bitrate... youtube

pick one., Great to have them on youtube but these are not ""best quality"" and will look atrocious on almost any TV.

Giant macroblocking and banding everywhere that even the DVD versions with loss in resolution don't have: http://www.dvdbeaver.com/film5/blu-ray_reviews_72/andrei_rublev_blu-ray.htm

Just look at the youtube video of Andrei Rublev at the beginning with the MOSFILM opening sequence and you'll get a sense of how poor the bitrate is., If it's on youtube, it can't have a good bitrate. What are you talking about ?","I get the people that say Matthew Broderick was a bad pick for glory. As an actor he seemed in over his head HOWEVER his character was in over his head. Robert Shaw (at least in the movie) was a fuckin dandy appointed to lead men into brutal combat because of family connections so I think his performance matched perfectly with the story, Ryan O'Neil in Barry Lyndon and Paper Moon. Guy was good at playing a conman, Julia Fox in Uncut Gems - shed be awful in anything else but shes really convincing in a role that feels like it was written for her, Courtney Love in The People VS Larry Flint","I've seen it twice and both times I cried through the entire second half. There's something really special about this movie and it's very validating seeing the widespread love for it. It his a magical balance between absurdism and genuine, earnest emotion. It's as if the absurdity and comedy open you up for a total emotional ass whopping.","To be fair, it doesnt really matter how its used at this point in the story. All you need to know is that its important.

And given where the story will be going in part 2, there is still plenty of time to flesh that out more, Haven't finished the book, but been delving into the wikis and such after seeing the movie.

I think one of the problems is it will just require more exposition. E.g., brings up more tantalizing questions about FTL travel, why there's no computers doing that job, etc. I get that it is a huge part of the Dune universe that's left vague","Opening scene in Ghost Ship, While I didn't think the movie was bad(it was mildly entertaining), the opera scene in Quantum of Solace is one of the best spy moments in the entire franchise.

https://youtu.be/HJ5EGCxbx1g, Opening scene of Cliffhanger, Kirk meets God, immediately gets sassy with him. Is proven correct once again. 

What does God need with a starship?

A tremendously great scene for the franchise in a mostly terrible movie. 

https://youtu.be/KCW5h3rRsnM, [The intro to Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BknCXbJjKgY)","Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah, any version and/or cover. Beautiful, beautiful song that's egregiously overused. Gotta put that one back on the shelf for at least 20 years., Gloria Estefan's 'Conga' anytime there's a sweeping shot of Miami Beach., I hate how every sixties flashback just has to be accompanied by Jefferson Airplanes White Rabbit.

Heroes by Bowie is also overused.

I love both songs, to be clear., London Calling definitely 100%. Trailers, movies","He was just as risky and independent as the first film, but he was much more calculated in the consequences and rewards. He wasnt concerned about what he would face as much as how his actions would protect other people. His concern was aimed at the other pilots or the experimental program rather than just his ambitious pursuit. The younger Maverick probably doesnt realize that., ""Deserves got nuthin' to do with it""

- Clint Eastwood, Unforgiven, Your blog post is really long., >a helmet-less motorcycling Maverick, unnamed foreign boogiemen","Personally the first movie that came to mind was Jaws. The book is good but it's a bit stuffed and the movie changes and trims what I feel was necessary

Edit: spelling, Basically every Kubrick movie is an adaptation of a book and only like 3 of the books can even try to make a claim at being better., Planet of the Apes (1968)even the author said so., ""The Mist"" improves on King's story significantly.  Especially the ending., Jurassic Park.  I like the book very much","One of my absolute favorite movies. It's a masterpiece., *North by Northwest* directly influenced the James Bond film franchise -- in look, feel, and tempo, if not substance -- there is some fleeting argument about the film being a proto-007 adaptation, \~3 years before *Dr. No*, but Hitchcock rather seems to have based the core concept on a dream he had depicting ""Cary Grant hiding in statue-Abraham-Lincoln's nostril.""

\[Scripts based on dreams were not uncommon for Hitchcock.\]","Mad Max: Fury Road for sure. The sheer volume of the chase scene (aka the whole movie) was insane on the big screen. Also probably Interstellar - some of those space shots were breathtaking, 2001 A Space Odyssey in 70 mm. 


Its cinemas equivalent of the Sistine Chapel., Lawrence of Arabia. One of my favorite theater experiencesand I got to see it on 70mm!, 1917 is beautiful on a big screen.","**Jack and Jill** is the automatic answer for worst. It had an almost $80 million budget and looks like it cost $5 million and was shot in two weeks.

It raised the budget from the studio and product placement, which is obscene in the movie.

Borderline scam., El Mariach had a production budget of $7225.  Simply amazing., Pulp Fiction looks great for a 8 Million dollar movie, Some of the best: 
Monsters (2010) 
And in a different way: distinct 9, For a movie with budget cuts and a rocky development, the Fountain still looks extraordinary for a $30million budget

As for worst","[deleted], Things like *Day After Tomorrow* where so many die so a guy can see his kid. And then all the helicopters show up showing that the entire movie was meaningless? Or *2020* where billions die, but a  few thousand survive so all is good?, This is how I felt watching fear street:1994. Like we have to save your girlfriend (spoilers) so lets get your 2 best friends killed instead? and put your little brother in extreme peril? Like she was legit not special and was cheating on her in the beginning of the movie. It made me so mad.","**Escape from Planet of the Apes** Two married, nebbish apes from the future learn about 1970's Manhattan. It is my go-to cozy movie., Legally Blonde, My Cousin Vinny, City Slickers, Downton Abbey, The Firm, Mean Girls, 10 Things I Hate About You, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Hot Rod, and Booksmart (a new entry to this canon)

There's just something about high school movies that I've seen a million times. And then Hot Rod is just pure joy., Best in Show  
Miss Congeniality  
To Wong Foo, Ghibli or Classic Disney

what can I say I go straight to my childhood","Kubricks Napoleon Movie is the one I want the most., Sam Peckinpah's Superman, Jodorowsky's Dune, Blomkamp's Aliens sequel, Leones Leningrad film. I love Leone, and him working with De Niro again would have been exciting. He had so much funding and I really think it would have been spectacular, Does a film that was shot but re-edited by the studio  and the cut footage is lost  count? If so, the original cut of Orson Welless *The Magnificent Ambersons.*

https://www.pastemagazine.com/movies/the-magnificent-ambersons-cinemas-greatest-mystery/","I only saw it for the first time recently and I'm disappointed in myself  for not watching it years ago.

Anyway, I loved it so much. I think it works in the same way that a song like the Velvet Underground's *Pale Blue Eyes*  works, where the band's background of songs about drug abuse and S&M lets them get away with a simple, pure song that  might come off as schmaltzy from another band.

In a similar way, *Harold & Maude* is so deeply","After the Jay and Silent Bob Reboot, all I can say is: thank fuck, The trailer is terrible and I don't know if I want to see those characters in their late middle age, but I would've said the same about Clerks 2 and it was much better than I expected., Im happy to hear this. His movies arent always great but I fucking love Kevin Smith. Could listen to him tell stories all day. Seems like a lovely guy too!, [deleted], ""Clerks 3 was an incredibly hilarious, yet surprisingly moving film""

I'm glad to hear that","John Carpenter was always an indie filmmaker, his movies just happened to play well in Hollywood. I think the Thing is just one of those magical moments where all the right pieces were in all the right places at exactly the right time. ""Lightning in a bottle."" It was also his largest budget at the time, and a remake of one of his favorite films. 

The critical and commercial failure of the Thing upon release Carpenter took extremely hard, and reportedly his multiple box office flops disheartened him from filmmaking entirely. I don't think that he gave up or got worse","Ok so I cant respond to the entirety of this post so ill focus on the take away of the film. You mentioned you confused of how the audience should feel about these men having self-reflection about their war crime.  We are NOT supposed to feel proud and satisfied by their awakening. It is a lesson to the viewers of their own biases. These War-Criminals felt justified to kill these people because they were Communists and therefore deserved to die. As a viewer you should look this justification as weak they killed defenceless people. 

But to them","nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan","*How to make money off your own systemic issues in 3 easy steps*, Hollywood publication writes that Hollywood movie about Hollywood scandal forces Hollywood to take responsibility for scandal.

Not buying that. The film might be good, I will probably see it eventually. But dont pull the wool over my eyes. The industry is inherently predatory, particularly toward women, with or without Weinstein., This just reeks of Hollywood trying to present itself on the right side of history, alone the same lines as a new king purging records of a previous administration","Why are a shitload of brands getting movies made about their origins in the last two years?, Good, that acting looked terrible, What?! They're making a Ferrari movie? Quick, who's available? Nobody? Well what if we were to make it in 1997?, What, no Tom Hanks?, It looks ok. Grillos accent doesnt sound good., Kid - Can we have Michael Mann's Ferrari?

Mom - We have Michael Man's Ferrari at home

Michael Mann's Ferrari:, For a second it looked like he was drawing Lightening McQueen","I google the movie and see the overall rate of imdb + rotten tomatoes + google reviews, Rotten Tomatoes + Letterboxd, Rotten tomatoes works just fine for me, Combination of IMDB and Metacritic user reviews, I personally do not let other people's opinions effect my decision to watch or not watch a movie. If it sounds good to me and the trailer looked like something I would enjoy I watch it no matter the reviews., I let 2 things guide me to seeing a movie.

1. How good is the trailer. If the trailer alone has me hyped, I wont even read a review. For example: Tar. I have seen the trailer for it","To complete the weirdest trilogy imaginable, 
  
  
The Iron Giant
  
The Iron Lady
  
The Iron Claw, Rotten Tomatoes + Letterboxd, Rotten tomatoes works just fine for me, Combination of IMDB and Metacritic user reviews, I personally do not let other people's opinions effect my decision to watch or not watch a movie. If it sounds good to me and the trailer looked like something I would enjoy I watch it no matter the reviews., I let 2 things guide me to seeing a movie.

1. How good is the trailer. If the trailer alone has me hyped","Army of Darkness, I enjoyed Club Dread. I might be the only one, Dead Alive.  Guy kills a room of people by running around holding a lawn mower in front of him.

Movie has the most guts and blood you'll ever see.  It's not all that realistic which just makes it better.

 

Directed by Peter Jackson who did the hobbit / lord of the rings.  He also did Meet the feebles which OMG is amazing.  Its like the muppets doing heroin and sodomy (there is a song about it).  What I'm saying is it starts off with a walrus having sex with a fox., Evil Dead II, Re-Animator, The Return of the Living Dead","I understood what it was trying to do...

But we laughed at various points at how they treated Micheal in it. 

Nice he got a cameo in his own movie though., Your read is how I read it and one of the reasons why I liked it. It was unexpected and moving for me, though not perfect., [Official Discussion Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/y3h0ac/official_discussion_halloween_ends_spoilers/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button), Good movie, but the last 15 minutes should have been the end of Halloween Kills","Unforgiven., First Blood. Everything that John Rambo does is 100% justifiable. It's fun and awesome how absurd the situation gets as the movie progresses. Cops harass him and arrest him for no reason and then abuse him at the police station. He has a Vietnam flashback and his Green Beret mode kicks in and he escapes into the woods and this spirals into a movie long war with the National Guard and John Rambo destroying the town., Karl Urban's Dredd movie

Hardcore Henry, Get Out, Mandy, 28 days later, ctrl-f ""ready or not"" 

no results?

Understandable, have a nice day.",">WTF did I just watch?

A masterpiece, There's also this line that Clarissa says to Bill after they sleep together that caught me completely off guard.

""How do you like your tea? Cream? Sugar? Or do you want me to pee in it?"", Saw it in the early 90s on TV here in UK. It has always had a fairly good reputation. , If you like weird","Boondock saints?, Hell or High Water is a good example. Direct dialogue from the film:

>You know you talk like we ain't gonna get away with this.

>I never met nobody got away with this ever.

>Then why in the Hell did you agree to do this?

>Because you asked, little brother., Entourage is pretty much this., This is totally not what you are looking for but the first thing that popped into my head is The Lord of the Rings., Affleck's Boston films play that up -- THE TOWN even says the word *omerta*","Deadstream is one of the best horror comedies I've seen in years. I strongly recommend it to anyone subscribed to Shudder or horror fans in general, even if you find livestreamers contemptible. Hell, *particularly* if you find livestreamers contemptible., As above So below is done right, Troll Hunter was great, It was simply more effective when it wasn't overdone.  And with the internet not quite what it is now, I've recommended ""The Borderlands"" to friends that like horror.  UK found footage from almost a decade ago.  I've only seen it once a while back","It would have been interesting to see Jesus himself chilling in Omnipotence City in Thor: Love and Thunder alongside all the other deities., Well as far as han solo is concerned, there were only a few thousand jedi for all the 10,000 systems and millions of people on each of them. There's nowhere near enough jedi around for everyone to have seen them using magic force powers. The empire probably removed most of the recorded evidence of them doing good for people","Hostel (2005)., Anaconda, Alien 3. I'm a massive Alien nerd and for a while it was my favourite one. I think I now prefer Aliens, but 3 is still an outstanding movie and I'll never understand the general hatred towards it from other fans., Friday the 13th VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan 

All of these movies are goofy as fuck, so why not enjoy them in the spirit they're intended? Shit, Wrestlemania VIII too now that I think of it., I surprisingly enjoyed Chernobyl Diaries. Watched it on a Saturday evening with my aunt. We felt like watching a simple","So good news and bad news...

I am currently unable to find either, but I can verify that at least one of these exists. 

As far as I can tell, the Barker one never even got to treatment status. There are some sketches and scenes he and his vfx people made, but I haven't found any evidence past rumors that he ever made it past the outline stage other than those scenes. He said in an interview for Fangoria that the first scene was fleshed out (pun intended), but Universal said no","Really glad they're keeping with ""I Am The Walrus"" in all trailers., ""Silverio, do you feel more gringo or more Mexican?""

\- A question AGI has been asked time and time again probably, Thanks for the reply. I know there was a script for the Clive Barker one as the studio reaction to it is a matter of record (they balked at the idea of a transgender femme fatale) and I saw a tiny excerpt of the final scene and climax on Barker's site once.

As for the Romero one, I didn't know about the auction, but I hope it turns up online one day","Rush Hour. Specifically one and two. Its so obvious that Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker had a great time making those films, and the bloopers just emphasizes it., it was funny that they included, during the credits bloopers for the toy story movies like oh these toys are making a movie and are screwing up too.

pretty creative on pixar's part., Imagine being emotionally exhausted from Schindler's List and then at the end it's Nazis flubbing their lines and being like. Lol.","Sounds like that stone cold Steve Austin movie , cant remember the name of it, >its the best of the best ~~tactical soldiers, warriors,~~ American gladiators, you name it.

The Running Man is great!, The Hunt. Awesome movie., You might like Gamer or Guns Akimbo then. I know they are both not exactly the concept you talked about since they got a little 'twist'. 

The Raid could also be something for you., [Like this?](IMDb: : The Condemned 
 https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0443473/), Sounds like Salo, Not exactly the same but try Running Man or The Condemned. Or hell","Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, 2005s Best Picture winner! Crash, TeneT, Baby Driver. It felt like I was supposed to connect with the main character through the music (because there really isn't anything likeable or memorable about him otherwise) but pop music really isn't my thing so..., Blonde, most recently., Southland Tales, [Playback Time - A Carson Clay Film](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNg13Ju5HN8), Ive watched ~500 adaptations of Shakespeare since March 20 - Die in a gunfight is the worst.

It might be the worst movie Ive ever seen., The Room 

/s","How apparent the use of cocaine is with people involved in film., When it comes to horror/slasher flicks, the sequels take themselves a LOT less seriously than the originals. Thinking specifically of Nightmare on Elm Street, I feel like the first movie was trying to scare me and by the third or fourth they were trying to make me laugh., Films in general to some degree through certainly 1983 still feel more like 70s movies.  Movie decades are never the same as calendar decades","Plug it up., It's a testament to its goodness that I like it at all because I like less King and De Palma than I enjoy them (Although with the latter I think horror was much more his wheelhouse than the erotic thrillers personally). It feels very 70s but I don't really get people who think films feeling their age is in any way bad like your friend apparently did. Time capsules are rad and Carrie feels like a whole other world which triggers my desire to stay in it, not scoff at how different it is. Weird response.","Tarantino's Pulp fiction- Fox force five- very similar to Kill Bill., Forgetting Sarah Marshal - Jason Segel makes a muppet musical and later is brought in to reboot the muppets.

Christopher Nolan has a Batman logo in his first film Following if I remember correctly., Ang Lee did one, as part of the BMW films project. He directed one of the short films in 2001 or 2002","That's a shame about Dirt, I'm really looking forward to that one. Synchronic was a real let down but their Moon Knight eps were dope., Need help finding a movie based on it's trailer 

So I saw a trailer for this movie a while back(like 2-3 years ago). It was set in a upper class background(looked like upper class NY). The protagonist seemed like a school girl about 18-19 and she ends up sleeping with an older man who turns out to be a family member. Again I don't know the movie name, the actors or even the production house, so please help me find it., Not sure","Titanics flying my heart will go on scene has caused tourists to reenact it on bows of cruise ships., Rocky Steps. Tourists still mimic the scene from the original Rocky when he runs up the steps to the Philadelphia Museum of Art., The Karate Kid crane kick, THIS IS SPARTA!

And then i kicked a hoagie right out of my friends hands., The kicking scene from 300 was re-enacted a lot., As a 90's kid definitely the Dragon Ball Kamehameha., Are you not entertained?!, Run Forest, ruuun!!!, I still see a lot of slo-mo Matrix-Bullet-Dodging out there to this day.","Tom Hanks is a good actor, but most Tom Hanks movies are overwrought, syrupy, sentimentalism with Hanks square in the middle. In other words, his Everyman, Dad, Saviour schtick is well overdone., Okay... I'm game. 

Aside from the horribly shot fight scenes, The Matrix Resurrections is a quality movie that was really entertaining and leaves the franchise is a better place story-wise than Revolutions., I couldn't follow the Irishman, I actually dont like The Evil Dead","[Condorman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z18LpIEA5ys&ab_channel=JoBloSuperheroes), Try posting it to r/tipofmytongue, Dammit, beat me to it. I can still hear that theme song., Underrated movie., Omg this is the movie thank you so much!

It was yellow! Ahh good stuff, Thanks. It was condorman... If y'all only knew how long I've been searching until today when I thought about asking on Reddit lol, It's the same actor as in Wall-E, and Phantom of the Opera","It's a classic so you've probably seen it already but definitely check out Vertigo if you haven't already, Decision to Leave is heavily influenced by a lot of Hitchcock but the unrelenting obsession of the protagonist feels straight out of that film specifically. Ang Lee's movie Lust, Caution is another good parallel, also starring Tang Wei in a strange romantic dynamic opposite Tony Leung. Finally I'd also recommend the 2014 Chinese film Black Coal","Local hero (Scottish Highland village), What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Doc Hollywood ? Thats a fun one with  michael j fox. Crashes car in a small town where he has to serve community service as the town doctor., Nebraska, The Vast of Night, Nobody's Fool, Paterson, slice of life movie with Adam Driver. Directed by Jim Jarmush, Ghostbusters: Afterlife, Super 8, Napoleon Dynamite, Wild Life, Fried Green Tomatoes, Waking Ned Divine , be prepared to cry with laughter , Moonrise Kingdom, Hot Fuzz, Waiting for Guffman (1996, dir. Christopher Guest)","Was way better than it had any business being. The cinematography was amazing, if not a little too dark at times. The transitions may have been a little overdone, but they were WELL done. The sound design was amazing. A bit of what happened seemed to be more move the plot along rather than logical (I have a HARD TIME believing this woman was actually a psychologist of ANY kind) but the jump scares were very effective and it was actually pretty creepy. I do have to say I do not think I care for that ending at all.","It's public domain in the US so you can just watch it on archive.org and save a few bucks (or donate to archive.org), Have you seen '[Shadow of the Vampire](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohgN4PexEv4)""? In which Orlok (Dafoe) is actually a real vampire and the director (Malkovich) has trouble stopping him from eating the crew. lol., Its on youtube, [TMDb lists the runtime as 94 minutes](https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/653-nosferatu), The two best versions are the BFI (89 mins.) and the Eureka/Masters of Cinema (95 mins.)., Holy crap, I need to see this., Absolutely","I can guarantee you will not be able to guess a single thing that happens in Barbarian, Unlikely one of you hasn't seen it, but Parasite would be an amazing one for doing this with.

The Secret in Their Eyes (the original Argentinian one, not the remake) would be good for this too., Oh definitely [Coherence](https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/220289-coherence), The usual suspects, Predestination [2014], Inherent Vice is fun for this because the main character is sorting through the smoky mystery just as much as the audience","Saw it today, so my reactions are still fresh.
However, I've skimmed through the IMDb reviews and that has affected this framing.

An A movie with a B budget.   

I thought the script was sufficient. 
A lot was left for the viewer to work out, or deemed unnecessary for the story.    
e.g. Q. Why was she in the asylum?    
A. For the purpose of the movie","Can't wait to watch them both. Schrader always brings maturity and nuance to her films, and Polley hasn't made a movie in years., Both have stacked AF casts., Oh definitely [Coherence](https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/220289-coherence), The usual suspects, Predestination [2014], Inherent Vice is fun for this because the main character is sorting through the smoky mystery just as much as the audience, and you feel like you uncover the truth with him

based on the Pynchon book.

But yeah my partner and I love doing this, or trying to figure out the thought process behind a scene","Thats a helluva list! I love a ton of these movies., You missed Field of Dreams, So many amazing movies on this list. Its kinda insane.

Im from MN. Some of my buddies were extras in The Mighty Ducks (players on opponents teams).

Now live outside of Chicago. My kids will go to Ferris Bueller's high school in a few years., Love your topic and list

Here are some films from Cleveland....Deer Hunter (1978), Christmas Story (1983), Welcome to Collinwood (2002), Kill The Irishmen (2011), Draft Day (2014), Iowa - The Straight Story by David Lynch","This is the book The Cabin at the end of the world by Paul Tremblay for anyone interested in reading it first, This trailer has been out for quite awhile., Always up for an M.Night movie. Loved The Visit and Split., Shot in Tabernacle, NJ!, Mildly disappointed that song didnt end up being Take it to da House by Trick Daddy. 

Ive read the book its based on, and for me, it dragged a lot after a really tense opening. Hopefully that doesnt happen with the movie.,  I'm happy to see M. Night pumping out HIS style of horror! Keep them coming sir!","You forgot in Barry Lyndon (1975) where the guy says, ""Hello my name is Barry Lyndon."" Classic fucking line., Gentlemen, I must say that the venerated Dr. Strangelove has surely taught us all how to stop worrying and love the bomb. Not bad for a kraut. - Buck Turgidson, She loves eating lollies. We call her lolly eater, lolita for short., It's not really a quotable line exactly, but there's a heartwarming exchange between Wendy and Danny in The Shining...

Wendy: Hey Danny, did you see how Mr Halloran's bald head reflected the ceiling lights in that big 'ol kitchen?

Danny: Yeah mom","Someone made a mistake and it got repeated. His date of birth is listed as simply the year 1900, no month or day, in the [virtual international authority file] (https://m.wikidata.org/wiki/Q5049115) that feeds wiki data, Google, etc.

Since there's no day or month listed, my guess is it was done by drop-down-menus for month, day, and year. Month and day may have had options for blank entry and year did not., These kind of messages intrigue me","Probably only the difference between 24fps bluray and 25 fps dvds, pal vs ntsc.
The DVDs have a runtime of 104 minutes, bluray 111 minutes. 
https://screenrant.com/dvd-movies-uk-us-runtimes-bluray/



For future reference, this website compares different cuts of movies in detail and lists available versions (NSFW)

https://www.movie-censorship.com/, Great film!!, > 24fps bluray and 25 fps dvds, pal vs ntsc. The DVDs have a runtime of 104 minutes, bluray 111 minutes.

Are we suggesting that the whole movie is just 4% faster? Or did I miss something","This might be a feature of the Just Watch app? I'm not sure. It's what I use to find where something is streaming. Lemme check to see if I can find that option., Letterboxd also does that for movies in your watchlist and your chosen streaming services. Although might be a paid feature, dont remember. You can check at their site., [https://www.justwatch.com/](https://www.justwatch.com/) ?, Roku can do this.

If you use the global Roku search you are given an option to follow a show or movie. 

When it becomes available, you'll see a notification dot on the Roku home screen.","Supposedly the original cut is an hour longer., ""Sure, it's Mathew McConaughey"" 

Did I miss something or did we all of the sudden agree on Matthew McConaughey being a bad actor? 

The bland performance could be because Gary Oldman is a dwarf and the movie is terrible., I love all of Bright's works, but Tiptoes is still the one I haven't seen. Well, watched a bit then had to do other stuff, but as far as I could tell it had all his hallmarks that make me like him.

I'll finish it tonight, ty for the reminder!","I've got two.
Real Men. John Ritter and Jim Belushi. Not the best comedy in the world but Ritter and Belushi worked off each other really well and it makes me giggle every time I see it.

Wholly Moses with Dudley Moore, Laraine Newman, Richard Pryor, Don DeLuise, John Ritter and Madeline Kahn.
Another obscure comedy worth a watch., The Last Supper, a 90s dark comedy about a group of college liberals who decide to start killing extremists. Featuring Cameron Diaz, Courtney B. Vance, Bill Paxton, Ron Pearlman, Mark Harmon, Jason Alexander and others.

I cannot imagine it ever being made again.","I hated the hunger games. It was silly.  They copied naruto., If you mean because of the 2nd part of the Chnin Exams, The Forest of Death, they didn't. Both use Battle Royales. And there have been Battle Royale movies and books before that., Everything's a copy of something., https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/ychqe6/comment/itma5l2/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3, *Noises Off*

Hired to helm an Americanized take on a British play, director Lloyd Fellowes (Michael Caine) does his best to control an eccentric group of stage actors. During practice sessions","The third one is decent and a lot of people hate the 4th one but I liked it overall. The alien vs predator movies are trash, but ESPECIALLY the 2nd one., If you like Ellen Ripley her arc is a bit of fun all the way to Alien: Resurrection. The AVP and Prometheus arcs are basically fanfic for hardcore Alien/Ridley Scott-lore nerds., It's worth just watching all 4. There's no definitive ending.","Watership down. My parents thought it was a cute movie about bunnies going on an adventure. I was 6 and my brain 22 years later only remembers the scary and death parts. 

Also the ring. For obvious reasons., Jaws. Even think about it going in a swimming pool.

Saw it when i was like 4 on its UK TV premiere., Requiem for a Dream. 22 years later, I turn 40 next year, and that movie still makes me weirded out. It haunted my thoughts for many years after watching it. Still does when I really think on it., Come and See (1985)

A very gritty, raw","Dunkirk has this really effective Dutch angle during the scene where the boat is sinking at night., the BEST STATIC shot  and on shudder they even mentioned what an incredible static shot it is, that literally nothing is going on in Exorcist 3 as the camera is static at the end of the hallway.

you see the nurse do her thing, the guards do their thing, you literally think nothing is going to  happen and it goes on and on and on UNTIL BLAM !!! 

that scene made me respect blatty as a director","https://www.filmsite.org/

But, say goodbye to your free time., Wikipedia is good for details, but not the interpretation stuff. (btw I wouldn't put much stock into SparkNotes' contributions to ""themes and symbols,"" as they'll say some really dumbshit like ""He walks through a door again to get to the bar bathroom, symbolizing his rebirth and transition to vomiting the 4 red bull and vodkas he imbibed."")

BUT 

If you're going for full film theory? Tricky to find. Some critics went hard in that","Saw the trailer for it for the first time the other day and am intrigued; Im normally not big on horror movies, cannibalism or not, but am intrigued by it. Might even be worth checking out the source material at some point., Very excited. Luca is a sensually and emotionally charged visual artist who doesn't mince words or actions and those sensibilities mixed with this premise and cast has me in. The idea of this one reminds me of Near Dark in that its a vampire-romance ""road trip"" film of sorts and that's already unique enough to pull me in.","I notice that Netflix is also guilty of this.

I will watch something, enjoy it, and unless there are direct sequels, the recommendations are not even close.

Oh, you enjoyed Predator?  How about Death on the Nile?

Gone in 60 Seconds got you pumped for more?  Check out Herbie: Fully Loaded.

So to answer your question, no, I am not sure of any algorithm that is working properly as of yet., I just google ""shows/movies like *x*"" and I'm generally pretty satisfied with the results i get.

If I'm not, i do the same, but add 'Reddit' to the end., Maybe it's just for new movies","Mars Attacks! (1996):

Jack Nicholson

Annette Bening

Glenn Close

Pierce Brosnan

Danny Devito

Jack Black

Natalie Portman

Rod Steiger

Martin Short

Michael J. Fox

Sarah Jessica Parker

Christina Applegate

Pam Grier

Lukas Haas

Tom Jones

Ray J

Jim Brown

Joe Don Baker, True Romance: Christian Slater, Patricia Arquette, Brad Pitt, Val Kilmer, Samuel L. Jackson, Gary Oldman, Dennis Hopper, Christopher Walken, James Gandolfini, and others","Theres one answer, and its the same one every week this question is posted. 

*Kingdom of Heaven*, *Dark City* is a good example of a lesser-known one. The plot structure actually makes some kind of sense., The Abyss, the Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Blade Runner. All so much better in the directors cut versions., DAREDEVIL (the Affleck one) whole different film

Both of Rob Zombies Halloweens are superior 

I argue the extended cut of Termiator 2 is superior to the theatrical (a near perfect film as is) but the extended cut adds more detail that really solidifies the film as a GOAT",N/A,N/A,"When I saw *Master & Commander* in theaters when I was 16 and thought it was the most boring movie. I think I just flat out didnt understand most of the dialogue and relationships.  Too young. I just wanted to see Russell Crowe fight. 

Now?  Its one of my favorite movies ever and would pretty easily be my pick if I could choose a movie that deserved to have a sequel. It kills me they only made the one.","Arrival, Starman with Jeff Bridges and Karen Allen, Under the Skin (2013), Fire in the sky. Based on a true abduction story., Contact., I'd say Signs might fit the bill, Communion.

Someone here recommended it to me and I enjoyed it, E.T., Vast of Night, The signal, Annihilation. Severely underrated, Super 8 (2011), Sector 9, Signs, Perhaps The Endless?, Earth Girls Are Easy (1988)","James Cameron and already established franchises. Like seriously, all 50 highest grossing films land in one of those 2 categories.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List\_of\_highest-grossing\_films, Does it have a built in fan base, and did they spend millions on marketing?, Branding, Hollywood accounting. Appeasing the Chinese., Popularity, ""Technically there's only 51 films..."" ""...not taking into account older movies where you adjust the price of inflation.""

So it's not technically 51 then? And I'm guessing you only care about the modern phenomenon of billion-dollar box offices?","Casino Royale. Watching that for the first time had me invested and set a really good tone for the movie. Plus, the song is an absolute banger., The opening of alien is great. Muted, ominous, slow reveal. Really sets a tone., Batman (1989) always stuck with me. Dark and mysterious but fast-paced and ready for action, which leads into the terrifying yet awesome intro to the hero:

Opening sequence: https://youtu.be/hQzbDvcnK4Y

1st scene: https://youtu.be/gS8na3Lhu7o, [Back to the Future](https://youtube.com/watch?v=3isQI0nXQRE) has clocks, a Rube Goldberg device, dog food, and plutonium","Why? Because it was made seriously and realistically. Friedkin came from a documentary background and when he was approached to make The Exorcist - he didn't want Cabinet of Dr. Caligari kind of horror lighting, techniques, etc and shot the entire film is a very simple, matter of fact way - which made the film even more frightening due to it's banal, everyday look. William Peter Blatty","Everything Everywhere All at Once
Specifically when it gets to Waymond and describing his way of fighting/navigating the world.

Inside Out, Dead Poet's Society, Grave of the Fireflies., Big Fish, Gattaca, for starters 
Brian's Song, Depending on how big a nerd you are, Arrival may get the tears flowing. 

That movie made me cry like a baby in the theatres, Terms of Endearment - the mother daughter relationship, Pursuit of happyness, What Dreams May Come

Yes it does follow a married couple but it also deals w/ grief, loss, families, suicide","Kubrick's  *2001: A Space Odyssey*, >and 2005 level 8th grader with a Macintosh CG

Please.  The CG in *Fellowship* is amazing and only really shows its age in a couple of scenes., Star Wars. People need to remember it was made in the mid-70s and there is almost no CGI.

Just watch the trench run again. It's still amazing. This was made in the 70s, dammit., Alien still holds up. Seven still looks like it was made yesterday., To Kill A Mockingbird.

The practical makeup used to turn Scout into a ham has never been topped, even by Savini or Bottin.","[deleted], I used to rewind and watch the training montage from Rocky II over and over as a kid. It's the best one. 

I think the end fight is pretty cool too., Rocky 2 is one of the more popular ones. 

It's basically the original... except he wins at the end. Also yeah the montage is far and away the best in the series., Rocky II is incredibly ambitious. Stallone's performance is likely where a lot of future Rocky parodies came from","Dark on Netflix is a must watch (with subs not dubs.), Man in the High Castle on Amazon Prime is a dystopian series based on the premise that Nazi Germany & Imperial Japan won WW2, The UK parliament might tick that box for you., One of the most slept on shows thats dystopian and will blow your mind is raised by wolves. Its a series on hbo, Movie? Vesper (2022)

Show? The Peripheral (2022), Lapsis, * 1984
* Brazil
* Blade Runner
* Fahrenheit 451
* Children of Men
* Sleeper
* District 9
* Gattaca
* City of Ember
* Metropolis
* Soylent Green
* V For Vendetta
* WallE
* The Giver
* Never Let Me Go","> Last Updated: February 21, 2016, Too bad half of these aren't available in the US currently.   Thanks for verifying the 2016 vs now OP..., What kind of fucking cancer is that link you posted?, Why the fuck are you using four year old data for a platform that changes monthly? So many of these arent actually available to the point this is just a shitpost, Most of these titles are not available on Netflix streaming., Don't forget The Departed. 270, 8.5, 91, 94, Spam post, You know how if you've seen one romcom","*Hiiiiiighwaaay toooo the* **GEMLEZONE** , saying gem on this site...RIP, You probably discovered it because there's shit posted about it every single day. , DAE LE GEM, Bloody Mary, full of vodka. Blessed are you among cocktails. Pray for me now and at the hour of my death, which I hope is soon. Amen. , Season 4 is on the Canada NF, [Hola it!](https://hola.org/)  Season 5 is airing now on Mondays on FX., So you could say you are entering a zone of..., Hey....at least you discovered it. Enjoy the ride!, >I just now discovered....

http://imgur.com/vliWiKm","Fuck.  Came to the comments to see if it was actually worth watching, and fell into a shit show.

For the people that have completed the series, would you say it is actually worth watching  (8/10+, regardless of any preconceived notions) ?, It looks interesting. I'll give it a watch., So many people are hating on this show without even watching it., I'm like 5 episodes in. While I agree the title maybe click baity, it's a really good show. It completely addresses all side","It's bad for both sides: US users can't watch a lot of ""new"" movies like users in Canada can. Ex: The Martian., Yeah, but Euro guys get way more first-run movies we never see in the US. , It's weird how a website founded in America has a lot of Americans on it., There's tons of good content not available in the us. Feel free to post them., Why not make a subreddit for Europe's version of Netflix?, I'm really tired of people describing a lack of personal convenience as being given the middle finger.

You're on an American website owned by an American company","They never speak in the trailer dude!  Thats the tell sign its subtitled., lol this reminds me of that Bong Joon Ho quote: once you overcome the 1-inch tall barrier of subtitles, you will be introduced to so many more amazing films., yes, for some reason, even tho english is only my second language. it's fine when i go in knowing im gonna watch something in a foreign language but a lot of the times im  like 'damn i just wanted to knit or paint while watching this fairly good looking series, i guess i won't do that while watching this show'","Isn't on netflix instant but my favorite horror movie is the french movie called The Martyrs. Highly recommend. , teeth isn't that scary, but its enjoyable.  also on netflix instant., A Tale of Two Sisters was really hard to follow for me (I still don't know what happened) but it had a few good scares. If you don't mind having to use subtitles (it's Korean), at least try this one out., Antichrist with Willem Defoe is pretty f'ed up., Trollhunter. If only for my favorite quote all year. You know the one...","best show?  Are you part of the cast?  The show isnt good at all, What about the story?, My kid liked it and he's 8., The most interesting thing about this post is that I finally get to see an example of the type of person that Netflix has been pandering to for all these years first hand., Diversity alone isnt compelling

Can you tell us anything else about it, I gotta say I thought the acting was sub par and story was kinda cheesy, I still enjoyed it but nothing more than just okay, I found it quite boring actually, couldn't watch beyond the first episode!, Which actors are neurodivergent?","actually very interesting.  I enjoyed it.  And I'm no Trump fan., I'm seeing a lot of comments disregarding the documentary out of Trump dislike.

Just logging in to say that as an European who didn't know much of Trump until a few years back (and does not support him or waht he represents at all), I enjoyed this alot.,  This documentary is NOT PRO TRUMP. To be quite honest, it's the opposite. 

If you actually look at the title, in the phrase ""AN AMERICAN DREAM"" the last two letters are skewed","Thought it was decent, Its YA lit turned into a YA fantasy series and for that its been a brilliant watch with my 12 year old. Your comment feels more like you were expecting a lot more as its been marketed badly., I thought it was fantastic! In fact, first episode actually drew me in more than anything else. I enjoyed the world building that they did in preparation for the big reveal in episode one, and I found most of the characters pretty interesting (namely Kaz, Inej, and shootyboi). Mal and Alina lacked some of the depth that I would have preferred","Its based on a true story.......now, Just finished watching the whole series with my wife yesterday over Netflix.  Took us maybe 6 weeks.  I had seen it before (when it aired), she had never seen it.  

Lost holds a special place in my heart.  They really found a way to use an interesting and mysterious overarching story as a venue to touch on a myriad of modern day moral and ethical issues and philosophical questions.  It's a show I'd highly recommend to anyone that enjoys drama.  It can be a little convoluted at times","[Sean Astin's character](http://imgur.com/FtNROFM) is the best part of the movie, The last good Adam Sandler movie (not including Funny People cause he only starred in that), I really liked this movie, it has real charm, touching moments, is genuinely funny, Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler have really wonderful chemistry and are totally believable as a couple. Another thing I really love about this movie is the soundtrack, The Beach Boys, UB40, that Hawaiian guy who sang that cover of Somewhere over the Rainbow","[deleted], This movie was a complete exercise in watching Bill Maher jerk off to his own beliefs. 

Doesn't matter that I agree with him on a lot of the points.  The movie was just unwatchable due to his ego being the main item on display., I watched this when I was still a Catholic and learned nothing. 

I watched it again when I became an atheist, thinking I'd been blinded by bias before. I still learned nothing. , [deleted], I mean yeah i guess hes got some pretty good points but god whod wanna be such an asshole?","TIL that Netflix is using r/Netflixbestof to advertise., >By the same people that did Brickleberry

Yeah I'm good thanks , This is probably the absolute worst show I've seen on Netflix to date. It's like a middle school boy watched Family Guy and Super Troopers and someone let him make a show out of the unholy union of the two in his juvenile imagination., I liked it. It's not for everyone though.","Why would you do this, I'll always have a soft spot for this movie. I knew it wasn't great, but I was staying at my grandparents house for the night. My grandpa had rented the DVD and it seemed right up his alley. We watched it together and laughed throughout. , [deleted], Observe and report is a much better version of this movie. , ### **[Paul Blart\: Mall Cop (2009)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Paul+Blart%3A+Mall+Cop+%282009%29)**

Action, Comedy, Crime, Family [[USA:PG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Picture_Association_of_America_film_rating_system#Ratings), 1 h 31 min]  
Kevin James","oh absolutely not, I thought this movie really sucked., This was not good at all. It wasn't even bad-good movie. It just dragged on with their empty characters., /r/worstofnetflix, Here we are in the best of Netflix sub., To bad.  This one had good actors and a decent plot.  But the writing is terrible so the characters arnt connectable and i simply didnt care about any of them or what they were experiencing, I'm a big Omar Epps fan, never heard of this one though., Yeah this movie was so shitty that its good. Who smokes on a space station with limited oxygen, Why would you post this?","I found it to be a metaphor for mental illness.  Great performance from both main actors.  Interesting visual choices., I thought it was more of a play on dealing with loss. The babadook was the memory of the husband coming back to haunt them and basically, at the end, they learn that it's impossible to get over the loss competely. Ultimately,  they had to accept it and deal with the memory rather than letting it haunt them, which is why they went on feeding it., Yeah that's another way to look at it too. I never thought of it like that, that's good., /r/worstofnetflix","Highly recommended for anyone who enjoyed Jackass. The kid who plays the grandson is a phenomenal actor, and there were several scenes where I was honestly in tears., [deleted], When he catches the fish...  I was laughing so hard I couldn't breathe, /r/worstofnetflix, Here we are in the best of Netflix sub., To bad.  This one had good actors and a decent plot.  But the writing is terrible so the characters arnt connectable and i simply didnt care about any of them or what they were experiencing, I'm a big Omar Epps fan, never heard of this one though.","Lol, this movie is terrible, but I can never resist watching it. Even when I was a child, I knew that this movie was bad. Plus, has there ever been such an unlikable kid protagonist. Sometimes I find myself rooting for him to get beaten by the bullies.","Was there any point when anyone thought this was going to be good? The answer is no. , Upvoted for title only. Not watching with Netflix saying it's one star for me., While the movie is terrible, I would highly recommend the [Rifftrax for it](http://www.rifftrax.com/teenage-mutant-ninja-turtles)., I'm sorry OP, but this is /r/netflixbestof, not /r/netflixworstof.  TIL /r/netflixworstof is a thing., [deleted], Saw this on my Netflix jump screen came to the sub to see if it is even worth watching. Seems like no. , [deleted]","This is one of the most amazing, creative comedy performances I've ever seen. There's nothing to compare it to. , Upvoted for title only. Not watching with Netflix saying it's one star for me., While the movie is terrible, I would highly recommend the [Rifftrax for it](http://www.rifftrax.com/teenage-mutant-ninja-turtles)., I'm sorry OP, but this is /r/netflixbestof, not /r/netflixworstof.  TIL /r/netflixworstof is a thing., [deleted], Saw this on my Netflix jump screen came to the sub to see if it is even worth watching. Seems like no. , [deleted]","I really enjoyed this movie ;.;, truly an awful film, What kind of devil bird sings at night? , I'm sorry OP, but this is /r/netflixbestof, not /r/netflixworstof.  TIL /r/netflixworstof is a thing., [deleted], Saw this on my Netflix jump screen came to the sub to see if it is even worth watching. Seems like no. , [deleted], ### **[Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Teenage+Mutant+Ninja+Turtles+%282014%29)**

Action, Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy, Sci-Fi [[USA:PG-13](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Picture_Association_of_America_film_rating_system#Ratings)","Not streaming on US as of this posting., A sleek movie with no extra fat. Albert Brooks is phenomenal. , Is Drive instant watch again?, Be sure to check out London Grammar who did a cover of the theme song ""Nightcall"". That song is awesome and London Grammar is amazing. /r/LondonGrammar , /r/moviescirclejerk, Brilliant film, but one of the commonly posted ones. , Not in the US, Hey, thanks, I checked it out! I'm not quite sure about the cover for Nightcall, but the rest of their songs are excellent! Listening to ""Strong"" at the moment, the lead singer has a beautiful voice.","I just wish, that after a year of being in the ""new releases"" or ""recently added"" category, they would move the title to a new category. Or see the same fucking shit ass movie in 15 categories on the front page. , [deleted], [deleted]","I'd say Hell on Wheels is the only one among them that I'd actually watch., [deleted], These are by far, the worst suggestions I have ever seen.

I wouldn't wish having to watch all that shit upon my worst enemy.

May God have mercy on your soul., None of those seems particularly interesting... I didn't realise Hemlock Grove did well enough to merit a second season.. I gave up on it after the fourth episode., Did Orange is the New Black not get renewed? Thought that was a hit.","If you've dug down to the bottom of the comments, hello! Nice to see you!

This show is much better than the vast majority of the above comments would lead you to believe. Think David Lynch meets Twilight. Does that sound intriguing? Then go for it. Not? Then don't. 

This show gets a lot of shit, but I liked it a lot, and I've actually watched the whole thing. , I'm on episode 10 now and, honestly, I think it is pretty awful.  The acting is bad and the writing is not much better.  There have been so many parts where I facepalm myself at how bad it gets.  That being said","Anchorman 2 was great and I don't give a shit what anyone says., [removed], subreddit is called NetflixBestOf

You post a movie you thought was bad..., Saw the uncut version in theaters, this movie was so bad it almost ended my engagement. Fiance wanted to walk out but I refused since I regrettably paid for the tickets, learned when I should cut my losses that day. Thanks Ron Burgandy, First 15-20 minutes had a couple of good lines. The rest was just awful., I think the first one was better obviously, but this movie isn't as bad as you say it is","You seem to think that others actually care if you cancel or not. I really don't understand the need for this post., Very brave., That's capitalism for you., ...ok?, Netflix has plenty to offer if you are able to take a chance on new shows. Out of HBO / HULU / Amazon, and every other TV channel in existence, Netflix currently has the most shows worth watching. I watch everything and nobody comes close to the frequency of Netflix.  HBO has really high quality shows and comes in a close second","It isn't a hidden gem. It's a very, very well known and perpetually memed show., Kitties aren't supposed to smell like cigarettes. They're supposed to smell like kitties, Trailer park boys is not a hidden gem it is very popular and well known, 13 seasons, 2 spin offs, a cartoon, multiple movies, a live tour and basically an entire season featuring Snoop Dogg. Yup it's *super* hidden. Totally flys under the radar.","You should link to the show and give a brief synopsis of why others should watch the show; something more then ""it's a great show.""  Did you even look at the sidebar?  [Here's the link](http://movies.netflix.com/WiMovie/Scrubs/70153393?trkid=2361637), I have heard bad things about the very last season (unnecessary/, uined it for them, etc.). I decided not to watch it on account of how good the finale before it is. I don't feel like I'm missing anything and I think it was the right choice.

Any other thoughts about it?","Locking this thread, play nice people

EDIT: You can all stop reporting comments in this thread. We get it, people have different political views, and are often assholes about it., God damn this documentary has a lot of people butt hurt. Whether or not you're a fan of AOC this is still a decent watch. It's a nice look at a few different small campaigns and how they turned out, but apparently anybody who's interested in grass roots campaigning or close looks at democratic process can just fuck right off., I enjoyed the doc., Holy shit this comment thread is toxic","As a middle-aged guy, I'm not afraid to say that this movie was pretty enjoyable. , Hilariously, the movie is known as 'Suddenly 30' in Australia because distributors thought that the original title would be interpreted as paedophilic ('going on' isn't a commonly-used expression for ageing here)., It really is., Me too., haha, never thought of 'going on' like that but it makes sense. The only time I ever here it in the US is parents sarcastically telling others how their daughter is acting too mature for her age, i.e., ""Julie's 8 going on 18; such a handful!"" 

That","I don't wanna give anything away, but the way they did angels in this movie is pretty damn cool. , ### **[Noah (2014)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Noah+%282014%29)**

Action, Adventure, Drama [[USA:PG-13](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Picture_Association_of_America_film_rating_system#Ratings), 2 h 18 min]  
Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly, Ray Winstone, Anthony Hopkins  
Director: Darren Aronofsky

**IMDb rating:** [](#movieguide_stars)**&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;** **5.9**/10 (170","also the hillbilly moonshiner movie., T'weren't moonshine.  It be meth.

And it was a damn good film.  

True:  I watched *Winter's Bone* when it was first released, and within **minutes** I said, ""Her.  She's the one.  She is fuckin' *it...*  Soon that girl will be a megastar.""  I even have the emails to prove it. 

Feels good.  :-)



, Just had a discussion with my friend about this movie.

He thought it was one of the top movies made in the last five years - and I would highly disagree with putting it at that level of quality","Couldn't get into this series. Sex scenes seem gratuitous to me now, and this series especially so. Also, way too much exposition., holy fuck this was bad lol, My wife and I enjoyed the hell out of this.  I'd absolutely recommend it. It's actually much more interesting than the description/blurb indicates. , Wasn't sure at first but watched it all the way through and ended up really liking it.

I think the problem is that some of the more interesting stories dont get interesting until later in the season lol., You get to see Freema Agyeman's titties in the first episode. You're welcome. ","You know how easy it is to find porn right, [deleted], Spartacus, ""Bob Ross: Joy of Painting""., Outlander. Theres a lot more plot than sex though., Californication, Nip/tuck on hulu!, GOT!!! I'm sure u seen it already like the rest of the world.. 

Carnival Row - weird sex with fairies that seems exotic.. 

Strike back - made my Cinemax - British MI fight on terrorist

Homeland - Showtime, CIA operatives around the world..

Billions - HBO about making money in stocks with hot chic's and lifestyles., Check out [Love](https://www.netflix.com/search?q=love&jbv=80057969&jbp=0&jbr=0)","I get the joke, but if you post the real title, people might actually realize what movie it is and upvote it! That would be Blue Is the Warmest Color (La vie d'Adle)., :^ ), Spartacus, ""Bob Ross: Joy of Painting""., Outlander. Theres a lot more plot than sex though., Californication, Nip/tuck on hulu!, GOT!!! I'm sure u seen it already like the rest of the world.. 

Carnival Row - weird sex with fairies that seems exotic.. 

Strike back - made my Cinemax - British MI fight on terrorist

Homeland - Showtime","I am shocked, they actually updated it so it is now HD on PC., Just so you know, you're getting downvotes because this is posted everyday. Not that I have a problem with that, not everyone lives their life on Reddit., They need to fix the picture though. Its unfortunately cropped., Watched it last night.  Totally awesome movie, worth a watch.  Was sad when it was over.  It was one of those movies that would have been totally fine if it was like 4 hours long., I have it in my queue. , Californication, Nip/tuck on hulu!","Not a movie, but have you watched Sense8??, London Spy. Its a miniseries, not a movie. Ben Whishaw tries to solve the mystery of his lovers disappearance. 

To Wong Fu, Thanks for Everything, Julie Newmar.  Road trip with drag queens with great performances by John Leguizamo, Patrick Swayze, and Wesley Snipes. 

Moonlight. Best picture winner., Boys don't cry, Schitts Creek very funny, Dallas Buyers Club., And The Band Played On. Can't remember if it's Netflix or Prime.","Is just whatever's new on Netflix considered to be ""best of"" material?, If you can push past the song and ice cream scenes it gets more tolerable. I think when the sister is introduced it becomes more clear where Miranda fits as a sort of Jerri Blank or Napoleon Dynamite. She's meant to stand out as obnoxious and bizarre. I don't know if I'll watch all eight episodes, but I'm quite enjoying Angela Kinsey and her undiagnosed fibro. , Watched the first 10 minutes then had to turn it off. The main actress's voice is like nails on a chalkboard.","This movie should be on How Did This Get Made, Well, what did you like about it? Most people will need a bit more convincing before they'll watch a movie with 3% on rottentomatoes., Too much fighting. Not enough talking., It's in my queue... I guess I should watch it eventually, Check out We Hate Movies. They did this movie proper., I dunno, it has a lot of action and it's fun to turn your mind off too. It reminded me a lot of old video games, specifically of games like Devil May Cry and stuff like that. , This sounds like high praise for the flick.","Obviously you've never seen The Wire. Don't get me wrong, I've watched the hell out of some Law and Order. But The Wire is about a million times more real, better written, acted, everything. , I'm partial to Homicide: Life On The Street myself as the best TV cop show, but Law & Order was really good. , It really is one of the best shows of all time, but I'd be surprised if somebody didn't know about it :p, They need to put more seasons on instant., Check out We Hate Movies. They did this movie proper., I dunno","Good movie... Just before the downfall of Eddie Murphy's career. , I'm partial to Homicide: Life On The Street myself as the best TV cop show, but Law & Order was really good. , It really is one of the best shows of all time, but I'd be surprised if somebody didn't know about it :p, They need to put more seasons on instant., Check out We Hate Movies. They did this movie proper., I dunno, it has a lot of action and it's fun to turn your mind off too. It reminded me a lot of old video games, specifically of games like Devil May Cry and stuff like that. ","""We tell our kids: Mommy is one of the chosen people and Daddy thinks Jesus is magic.""

She's awesome.
, I'm partial to Homicide: Life On The Street myself as the best TV cop show, but Law & Order was really good. , It really is one of the best shows of all time, but I'd be surprised if somebody didn't know about it :p, They need to put more seasons on instant., Check out We Hate Movies. They did this movie proper., I dunno, it has a lot of action and it's fun to turn your mind off too. It reminded me a lot of old video games, specifically of games like Devil May Cry and stuff like that. ","""Meh"" is the best review later seasons of Dexter can get., I imagine that since you're watching this for the first time, you haven't really checked discussions about this show, so yes, ""Everything after season 5 is just meh"" is one of the things most people can agree on, people that like the latter seasons are an exception, [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9253 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/81385), Season 1 of dexter is still some of the best tv I have watched. Love the show, It gets pretty bad after season 5","Is this the one where he crashes a high school prom and screws a virgin?, Nice try, Woody Harrelson., Really more of a character study than a plot driven film, but nice performances by a pretty big name cast. I enjoyed watching the actors do their thing, even if there wasn't really much of a story arc to follow. , Reddit friction notwithstanding, I did watch this last week and did enjoy it, although in a disturbing kind of way. Not your mom's good guys/bad guys cop movie., No exposition, no plot, no character development, no believability, no climax",", The routine for me is, switch on tv, check out mainstream. Sigh. Netflix., Is this a troll post? I can't remember the last time I found something worth watching. The best thing I've seen recently on there is Derry Girls., Welcome to the Matrix., After a while like a long time (few years) itll get shit, It is very frustrating and disappointing when you cannot find anything to watch. Thankfully I just discovered a travel show called Parts Unknown, so I have plenty of hours to watch Netflix. I definitely recommend the show.","Underrated? This is a very successful show with a huge following, especially here on Reddit. It is pretty great, though. , I tried to watch it, but I couldn't get past the first half of the second episode., How does it compare to Arrested Dev?, You're right:  The show receives a lot of critical praise, and a lot of Redditors do love the show.

However, ""underrated"" is accurate in the sense that Parks and Recreation doesn't do that well in the ratings.  The very same could be said about Community and (now ended?) 30 Rock: two other highly-regarded","Just a quick reminder of rule 1. Please link to the description page of the movie or show you are posting., This was a fantastic concert. , No.  Never.  Utter crap.  This is what you watch when you are too wasted to find the remote and you can't open your eyes to get up and switch to something better like local news., I mean at least watch it before saying it's terrible lol. Not the biggest fan but it looked pretty great to me. 

Stage presence was on point and so was the production. Vocals weren't the best but they were fine and she was surprisingly engaging.","A decent show, although I am left wondering why Ross, the largest of the friends, does not simply eat the others., Is there anyone famous in it? How many series did it run?, The description says 10 seasons but I didn't think it had more than a couple. No big names that went on to do anything else, except maybe Matt LeBlanc. , What? Jennifer Aniston, David Shwimmer, Courtney Cox, all did tons. And the 10 seasons is the full show. , [deleted], [deleted], Uh but he did the British American coproeuced show Episodes AND th Lost in Space remake.  Only successful friend , Whoosh?","A decent show, although I am left wondering why Ross, the largest of the friends, does not simply eat the others., Is there anyone famous in it? How many series did it run?, The description says 10 seasons but I didn't think it had more than a couple. No big names that went on to do anything else, except maybe Matt LeBlanc. , What? Jennifer Aniston, David Shwimmer, Courtney Cox, all did tons. And the 10 seasons is the full show. , [deleted], [deleted], Uh but he did the British American coproeuced show Episodes AND th Lost in Space remake.  Only successful friend , Whoosh?","Honestly, this guy was the first actor with which I said, ""he's a good actor."" I think I was in middle school and had just seen Magnolia and Happiness., Mary and Max, I think.

[I was just talking about him two days ago.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1wnjd2/what_movie_remake_did_you_like_better_than_the/cf3ol37)

:(, ""Love Liza"" has always been one of my favourites. One of his lesser known titles, but a tragic story about loss, addiction, and remote control planes. I doubt it's on Netflix., A Late Quartet, Talented Mr. Ripley, and Punch Drunk Love are all on Netflix.","Yaaaaaaaay! How much for a thooooousaaand tickets? Thanks lady!, Probably one of the greatest movies of all time , Lol, This was one of the biggest Oscar snubs  in history. That dog could dunk!, Mission Impossible III, it's my favorite in the series and Hoffman is terrifying as the villain., Punch Drunk Love

Jack Goes Boating 

Capote

Owning Mahoney

Savages

Mary & Max (Voice)

Flawless, He is best in the Master, not sure if it's on netflix
, If you like claymation, Mary & Max. If not, Happiness, The Master or Capote., Capote and Doubt are two of my favorite films of his. Sadly","Jesus, this article is acting like Netflix is just fed up with these shows and is exterminating them. Nothing to do with contracts expiring, no sir. ","It was pretty decent, but it really needed the touch of an editor. Pace of the move is a little staggered., I was very impressed with this film. Great cast, cinematography and just very well written. , This move was super smart, and enjoyable. , I thought the movie was great and enjoyable, has that enjoyable satire taste in it and the cinematography was pretty good as well., ### **[Dear White People (2014)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Dear+White+People+%282014%29)**

Comedy, Drama [[USA:R](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Picture_Association_of_America_film_rating_system#Ratings)","I disagree, I get some of the best suggestions from the request threads. They generate discussions. But what do I know. Just seems to me that the other Netflix sub is about almost anything but the movies.

All I want is to find a good movie and recommend things that I have enjoyed. , This is a request  thread about request threads., Filter it with RES, perhaps? That way the rest of us get to keep seeing them?, Nope, sorry. request threads are great","I unironycally (sp?) enjoy lost girl :/, Can confirm the horrible acting and dialogue making for some hilarious times, but it got old after 2 episodes., I've seen all of it. I got sucked into it, even though I knew it was horrible, which made it even better that I was *into* it., Awww!

Well, does it get better?  Like, can you see a tangible change in the writing/acting quality in later seasons?

Some of the 1st season episodes are so bad that I began laughing out loud.  It was awful.  I loved it., Really?  Because I've only watched a few and loved the awfulness so far","Needs regional flair., This subreddit is for instant watch only. Please specify which country it's available to watch instantly if applicable., Is this any good?, Watch this movie if you want a complete but very rushed version of the amazing novel., It seems to be available in Mexico but not in the US. How weird., Yes it is. Although, as many have already stated, it's a bit rushed., This is common., Adding to that, Hola is a great extension to use if people want to browse Mexico's Netflix from other countries. (It also works for other countries)","I watched it last night after wanting to see it for months, and I was incredibly disappointed. The pacing was awful as was the camera work. The casting was a mixed-bag. Jennifer Lawrence did a great job, and so did Donald Sutherland and Woody Harrelson, of course, but Josh Hutcherson and a lot of the other tributes gave some truly cringe-worthy performances. 

I'm a big fan of the first two books. There's a great core narrative, but this movie just missed its mark. Everything felt very glossed over. If you didn't read the book","Literally, every single rom-com ever made., Knocked up, Stardust fits this bill perfectly with a boy who has to find a fallen star - in the form of Clare Danes - and return it to prove his love for the girl next door. Hijinks ensue.

As an added bonus, Michelle Pfeiffer plays a witch and Robert De Niro is a sky pirate. What's not to love?, While not really the kind of love/film youre talking about, The Fundamentals of Caring is a great film. Its more along the lines of two lost people meet and start off with a bumpy start but end up in love in the end. And not like a romantic love","*Surprisingly* better than Baby Geniuses 2, I have a dark theory about this movie in which the baby actually dies of SIDS in the middle of the movie and everything that occurs is the result of a child using his imagination to cope. , This is a seriously underrated film that can be enjoyed by parents & kids alike!  My grandson (who is 3 next month) thinks it's hilarious and my husband & I can't stop smiling at Alec Baldwin and all the tongue-in-cheek references!, ### **[The Boss Baby (2017)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?The+Boss+Baby+%282017%29)**

Animation, Comedy, Family","Good Guy Netflix

Only adds first four seasons of Dexter so you don't have to watch it turn to shit in seasons 5-8., I won't lie, I had to try this show 4 times over the course of 3 years before I could get into it. I always felt like Dexter was too whiny. But trust me, grind past the first 2 or 3 episodes, it gets so much better., Good show as long as you pretend the eighth season doesn't exist., Honestly i thought it was OK, the first season was cool but the second was just more of the same stuff. It just got relay repetitive and annoying. I don't think ill watch past season 2. , Relax","Good Guy Netflix

Only adds first four seasons of Dexter so you don't have to watch it turn to shit in seasons 5-8., I won't lie, I had to try this show 4 times over the course of 3 years before I could get into it. I always felt like Dexter was too whiny. But trust me, grind past the first 2 or 3 episodes, it gets so much better., Good show as long as you pretend the eighth season doesn't exist., Honestly i thought it was OK, the first season was cool but the second was just more of the same stuff. It just got relay repetitive and annoying. I don't think ill watch past season 2. , Relax","It's funny. With some slight tweaking and a creepy musical score this movie could quickly be a horror movie. Crazy rapist stalks a disabled woman with memory problems and eventually tricks her into loving him through trial and error. This movies ending? I'd keep it the same., I enjoyed this movie very much. , I really feel like this script has **so** much more potential than this movie reflects. , Is this movie considered a ""chick flick"" ? I like Adam Sandler, but i don't want to watch another Spanglish., Relax, the second half of the series comes January 1st :-)","Seriously? Reposts are allowed, but this was literally posted 3 days ago and had 1820 upvotes. , It was posted again today too and got a couple hundred upvotes.  Looks like it was removed though because it was just the title., I don't really pay a lot of attention to the sub. , You don't need to. Just type ""Snowpiercer"" into the search bar before you post., Relax, the second half of the series comes January 1st :-), I've been having this issue as well. Maybe I'll give it another shot..., more like seasons 5-8. i always wondered why the show got so shitty but assumed i was just being a baby","The worst movie to ever win a ""Best Picture"" Oscar., Honestly, I thought the movie had a very forced feel.  None of the stories felt at all organic to me, and some of the acting (from good actors, no less) was just bad.  It felt like I was watching a big budget after-school special.   I'm not really sure why the film garners so much acclaim.  , Cronenberg's Crash

...now *that's* a good film. (sadly, not on netflix), Made by a director with white guilt., Crash is a terrible movie and I think less of anyone who says they liked it. ","If you like family guy, sure, it's a dumb show but the jokes are definitely  better than family guy, so yes, Yes absolutely, No absolutely not, Worth it for the golden shit arc alone, No. It's worse than Family Guy, Yes.  After season 4 or 5 is the best, Roger. That's all I'm gonna say., Maybe, yes, Undoubtedly, Its where I learned ( from the alien ):

Shes a real C U Next Tuesday!!!, If you like the show probably, but if you don't like it, you probably shouldn't, seems like that would be a waste of time., Theyre asking because they dont know if theyd like the show","Santa Clarita Diet, edit: Chambers, Santa Clarita Diet!, Santa Clarita Diet, Sense8 and Santa Clarita Diet, The show Mindhunter, Santa clarita diet., Mindhunter, The OA, we cant blame Netflix for MCU cancellation tho, Sense8, Mindhunter, I didn't realise they killed off ""I am not ok with this"". That was a great show and I thought it was quite a popular one too!, Marco Polo, Another vote for Santa Clarita Diet from me - I hate that they cancelled it on a cliffhanger, Are the shows cancelled for real or just postponed until further notice?, Mindhunter, Messiah., Anne with an E, sense 8 ","There is a lot of karma whoring in this subreddit., For the record, Serenity is a really good movie. 2001 is a sci fi masterpiece., If I ever needed a version of Red Dwarf that takes itself seriously, it's at the top of my list., *where, I refuse to accept [wash's death](/spoiler)., Sorry. I IMDB'd Whedon to see what else he directed and found Serenity, checked Netflix and it was there. Thought I'd share it. I did a search and the last time this was posted was 3 months ago. Is it so karma-whorish that I should delete it?, >For the record, Serenity is a really good movie.

No, it isn't.","#Don't watch Season 23., Isn't it just the last four or five seasons though? 

Or did that change?, US TG is garbage, imo... They try to hard to be Clarkson and crew., Did anyone stop watching after Clarkson left, I personally didnt like the new hosts, matt leblanc is kinda boring and friends is a total rip off of seinfeld, ### **[""Top Gear"" (2017)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?%22Top+Gear%22+%282017%29)**

Talk-Show [39 min]  
Antron Brown, William Fichtner, Tom Ford  
Directors: Avi Cohen, Daniel de Castro, Eagle Egilsson","### **[JFK\: The Smoking Gun (2013) (TV)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?JFK%3A+The+Smoking+Gun+%282013%29+%28TV%29)**

Documentary [2 h 0 min]  
Alex Ivanovici, Howard Donahue, Colin McLaren","This is an '81 Honda! How dare you! , This is my guilty pleasure, ### **[Employee of the Month (2006)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Employee+of+the+Month+%282006%29)**

Comedy, Romance [[USA:PG-13](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Picture_Association_of_America_film_rating_system#Ratings), 1 h 43 min]  
Dane Cook, Jessica Simpson, Dax Shepard, Andy Dick  
Director: Greg Coolidge

**IMDb rating:** [](#movieguide_stars)**&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;** **5.5**/10 (35,876 votes)

> At Super Club, a large warehouse store","Ah, the quasi-documentary by convicted felon Dinesh D'Souza has finally hit Netflix! This should make for a fine double-header with *God is Not Dead*. Now if only *Atlas Shrugged: Part 3* would finally show up, I can't wait to watch John Galt jerk off in front of a camera for two hours!","*Marco Polo*, and if you have subtitles, give *Lilyhammer* a shot., House of Cards. Season 3 will he added the 27th, Joe (Nicolas Cage best movie), Blacklist, Sons of Anarchy, The Fall, The Killing, House of Cards, Hell on Wheels, Luther, Scandal, Dexter, Breaking Bad, Californication, Peaky Blinders, Supernatural, Borgia - Tom Fontana/Netflix original

(Not The Borgias, - Showtime version.  both are available on Netflix), Why don't you just browse this subreddit?

Sincerely,    
Richard Nixon, What kind of shows do you like?, As always, Firefly., Really? Like, browse around here a bit.","Try using a VPN to access the Netflix of a region where it's available. I use the chrome extension Hola, far from great but works well, to view Netflix. , TIL: Netflix isn't everywhere., I don't think it will be available in India for at least another 5 years, When they stop being damn commies., Uninstall hola, it has malware imbedded in it. Instead use Zen mate, its great and works just fine, Can i see it from my ipad? Please guide me.., TIL Some people are illiterate., We'll","If you love crappy soap operas, you'll love SoA, Watch this show if the idea of a biker soap opera with the main character being a bad actor with sex appeal undergoing a horrible attempt at a Heizenberg-esque character transformation while being oblivious to his family reaching comedic level villainy behind his back sounds like a good time., I love the show..the drama begins to build towards the end bc by that point you've already developed a connection with the characters. The drama does not take away from the biker dynamic, the gritty situations","Doug Stanhope at beer putsch hall. Bill burr you people are all the same. Those are really great. , A bit of an over-zealous title. I enjoyed it, but it wasn't that great. I'd probably give it something like a 7/10., Hearing people rave about this, then trying to watch it and hating it, made me feel really old.  

I used to like his stuff not so long ago, now I can make it through 20 minutes without even kind of smirking.  

So, not for me, but if you ever liked anything he did, give it a shot!  I could tell it was him on his A game, I just don't care for his game at all anymore.","[deleted], Sorry bro, can't do that on my phone.  , [deleted], You're kind of an ass, aren't you?  If I say I can't do it from my phone, why don't you just leave it at that and do your own legwork?  Fuck off... bro., lol but you probly can., Probably.  But if I say I can't then I can't.  Bro., I read all these comments and said Fuck It and watched anyway. I think it WILL go down, because this was not just a stand-up, it's a legit one-man show. Brilliantly directed and well-written, plus a performance that refuses to be what you expect","This is the least funny one yet.  You forgot to even put a link to the movie.  , For the karma, and the fact that very few people would upvote certain movies unless they were submitted ironically., Take 2 seconds to look it up.

EDIT: Well.shit, you guys are committed to your laziness, I found that I get a better response to a link if i attempt to be witty (I'm not witty so most have failed). When I just liked with the Netflix description it gets pretty much ignored.  Time of day, day of the week","I concur with all the hate. Fucking TERRIBLE movie., ### **[Noah (2014)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Noah+%282014%29)**

Action, Adventure, Drama [[USA:PG-13](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Picture_Association_of_America_film_rating_system#Ratings), 2 h 18 min]  
Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly, Ray Winstone, Anthony Hopkins  
Director: Darren Aronofsky

**IMDb rating:** [](#movieguide_stars)**&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;** **5.9**/10 (176","[deleted], Just watched it, I was eating at the Shrim part..., This is an absolutely awful movie.  That being said, I loved every second of it., my favorite part about tim and eric is how much other people completely hate it, Im like the dyke, iwas laughing so hard it was one of those embarassing silent laughs, while my husband sat there with smiles and nods., It's one of those things where you either love it or hate it., [deleted], Take, for example","Really want to play ""True American"" now., This show should be called, ""It's all about Schmidt"" because even though the other characters are great and whatnot, Schmidt just shines. He's such an asshole, in the nicest sense of the word! The parkour episode made me laugh harder than I have in years for any TV show.

*PARKOUR*, Of all the shows on Netflix, this shocked me the most that I actually enjoyed it. I expected to hate it..., I wouldn't go so far as to say this show has you laughing constantly, but I would say that it is worth a watch. In my opinion, the main character, Jess","Just finished this. So hard to really talk about anything in the series. , Ouch why the downvotes? This is quite suspenseful to watch, one of the best netflix originals in the last few months in fact., Because it's been submitted about a million times in the last 3 weeks., I think it's because the filmmakers unfairly slanted it and knowingly kept real evidence implicating the guy out of the film?, Million? Mother of all deceptive exaggerations... More like 2-3 and they were all posted over a month ago. 

Let me quote the sidebar for you:

> Reposts are not only allowed","Odd Thomas in Odd Thomas. He's heroic, down to earth, and despite having an insanely hot girlfriend, I'm pretty sure he's a virgin. Warning though, it's a bit of a sad movie. , Captain Picard in Star Trek TNG, he's a class act., Twin Peaks leading man Dale Cooper is an excellent human being that fits those requirements. Everything else in the show is about sex though., Don Dra--, no...., Tommy Shelb--, no...., Barney Sti--no, not him either... How about Walter Whi, DAMMIT!

I give up. And I realize that I really like anti-heros..., Samwise Gamgee is the true hero in Lord Of The Rings","I thought this was much funnier than Napoleon Dynamite., GET THAT CORN OUTTA MY FACE, Did you tell them they were the Lord's cheeeeeeps?, ""It was my mother's lucky machete."", >Nachhooooooooooooooooooo., Beneath the clothes, we find a man. And beneath the man we find... his... nucleus., It's an okay goof flick. I watched it with my son. I really liked that song 'I am, I am' Beck did a few songs for it too., I want to downvote but I can't. Why? Secret tunnels., Supremely quotable, as the rest of the comments here can attest to., Ramses muscles are #1.","i liked it, but, man, if there were ever a documentary that would have been better without the filmmaker in it, this would be it. all of the interviews were fantastic, but every time that giant man-child was on screen i just zoned out. i think he forgot that he was not really the subject of the film., He kinda looked like a grown up Calvin.

I am only about 30 min thru it and so far it feels less like a documentary and more like a big ""thank you"" to Bill Watterson for creating Calvin and Hobbes.  I am hoping for a little more., I came here to post exactly this.  Certain parts","So things like this post is exactly what you are looking to get a way from then?, [REQUEST] People who take this sub too seriously.

NM found them thanks though!, Can you guys recommend a show with people, only 1 dog character, that's funny, but has some sad moments about 3/4s way through, and there's a male blond lead? I'd like to see an eagle too. But make it funny. Like the Office but mixed with the Minority Report? Has to have some Nic Cage. Thanks!, You should watch the office , Lol I feel your pain, its very annoying, -Insert list of shows/movies not on netflix-","There are a lot of people who have complained that its not as good as Boy Meets World, but the first season of Boy Meets World was good not great. The show matured and grew up with its audience, which is what made it great. We saw this kid go from 6th grade to college and he had problems that a sixth grader would have and a college student would have, and everything in between.

If Girl Meets world can last for 6-8 seasons like Boy Meets World did then I think we will see it become another great sitcom, Why are they still at John Adams High if they live in New York now?","[deleted], I admit it: I'm afraid of this movie, As someone who actually defends the first 2 movies, this movie is absolutely terrible and has no redeeming qualities in any way. , The first two were sort of interesting additions to the shock genre, but this last one is pretty much unwatchable.  Avoid., I enjoy the first two movies probably more than I should, but the this one is by far one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The warden spends the entire movie screaming so loud I couldn't understand 90% of what he was saying. , I actually thought it was hilarious. ","I... I enjoyed it. :/

The scene about the origin of the game of Baseball was quite funny I thought., Lets not sugarcoat it here ladies and gentlemen, this movie was fucking dogshit. Pardon my language but the emphasis was definitely needed., /rNetflixworstof, Vanilla Ice as Mark Twain was fucking hilarious. I'd give it a shot. It's not for everyone but it has it's ups and downs (mostly downs)., As a Netflix shareholder, I can't fucking believe Netflix spent $60 Million on this. Like what the fuck? That means that this movie would require an additional 6 Million members, or 500","""I love you Philip Morris"" is a great film., But I'm a cheerleader is the greatest ever if it's still on there., Beautiful Thing (British), I also LOVED The Way He Looks! Awesome movie. 

Unfortunately many of the suggestions provided earlier are no longer on Netflix streaming.

But The Kids Are All Right is and I highly recommend it...

PS - Wish Netflix wasn't such a pain to search for movies to watch, especially after a great flick as mentioned..., Trick, the falls. loved it. , [deleted], Bedrooms and hallways. Very funny and kind of cute.","I like Eisenberg but I feel like you're overpraising this one, Best youve seen this Avatar? You must set a very low bar lol, I found Jessie Eisenberg very unbelievable in this role. I used to be entertained by his schtick but I'm tired it. I never saw him as this dangerous sleeper cell agent. He looked so awkward in the action scenes. I thought the movie was pretty meh., I was wondering about this one. I'll check it out. What don't you like about movies these days, and how is Avatar different for you? I haven't seen Avatar either.","Im confused too, and I wish theyd done this as a series so they could flesh out the plot a little more. It felt really rushed at the end. 

It seems like some people just go crazy immediately after looking at the creature, while others somehow become zombies who convince the unaffected to look at the creature. 

Maybe the creature had to mutate? The survivors would continue to be immune so the creature had to devise a way to use some humans to convince other humans to look at it?","The best of the series. Don't @ me, I too, love drafting in my car., masterpiece of the F&F franchise, Drifting***, Starring Jack Black and Little Bow Wow, It's the behind the scenes hand drawn action, Dif dif dif , Convince more like FORCE others to look at the creatures.

Either way, I think the crazies are just mentally disabled people who lost their senses and grew fond of the suicides. The beauty they see is of others killing themselves., The people who were not affected were from the mental asylum. Which apparently affected them differently, it was very anticlimactic ","I don't find this film to be corny at all. , aka ""Girls: The Prequel.""  Lena Dunham plays the same neurotic and self-obsessed proto-woman she plays in ""Girls,"" with an equally incoherent plot and meaningless ramblings.  Useless movie., ### **[Tiny Furniture (2010)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Tiny+Furniture+%282010%29)**

Comedy, Drama [[USA:Not Rated](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Picture_Association_of_America_film_rating_system#Ratings), 1 h 38 min]  
Lena Dunham, Laurie Simmons, Grace Dunham","Eh, sounds like another hipster. I've watched the British version and I'd take the American version any day of the week., I've been wanting to watch the British version but I have been afraid it will give away plot details yet to come in the American version. Am I wrong?","Why can't u just list them?, Girl interrupted., Taxi Driver, To the bone, Bets on this being the cringiest circle jerk today., Midsommar would be my pick, I think hes trying to advertise his blog, instead of posting here., 
, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan, nan","Well, starting off the discussion by calling it a perfect film is certainly one way to do it, Kareem Abdul Jabbar just wrote about this movie and I think he summed up my feelings on it very well.

&#x200B;

>Dont Look Up","One person pointed out that they may have dialed up the horror/gore aspects to sort of match the aging cast. Teenagers love horror as much as anyone. Personally Im loving it, it feels like a fresh look at everything and its keeping me on my toes not really knowing what to expect, I dont know if its completely out of line, its never been actually for kids. But I agree that it is another level of gruesome that often feels gratuitous to me this season.","Midnight mass is in my opinion a horror and storytelling masterpiece. If you like the goofy team dynamics of both of your above mentioned shows Id recommend the legend of vox machina on prime. And my all time favorite show avatar the last airbender. The absolute best world building and story telling and amazing fighting and action sequences, You might be a candidate for Locke & Key., The OA, The Fear Street trilogy may be what you're looking for. To me it had the same vibe as Stranger Things. It is horror though, with some fairly gruesome deaths so be aware of that.","I was so glad to finally be able to watch this masterpiece. My wife and I specifically enjoyed the parts when he morbed., I just watched it last night.  Well, I say watched, but when I looked up from my phone, the movie was ending.   Morbin tiiiime., My mom tried to watch it with me last night (may have been HBO?) and I had to refuse on principle., Matt smith should have been doctor morbius. He did so well with his character but he makes a much better hero that Leto. 

Movie wasnt terrible until halfway through then it flopped for me.","It's getting hated because its a C-rank tv show being marketed on a A-rank franchise. The filming, acting, and etc. are all very low/bad quality. If it was released in the correct bracket I doubt there would be any controversy. Sharknado is a great example of this., I've read some of the same criticisms you've mentioned. Personally I don't focus on any of that nonsense. I either like a show or not. I found the characters uninteresting, the music irritating, and the pacing a mess. There was no tension and every time the main character got into a situation","I thought s2 was better but what do I know. If they adapted blood of elves 1:1 people would call the season boring., The worst thing about season 1 was all the jumping around in the timeline. I for one welcome a chronological storyline, Lol wut., Same here. Can't wait for S3., I agree 100%. First of all it's coherent. I read the two short story collections and I still had a hard time following season 1. This story actually makes sense and I'm finally invested in it, The timeline of 1st season was very interesting., I definitely get why people disagree with you","I thought Chris Evans' mustache did a fantastic job, It was a 1 dimensional movie, but not exactly bad. It's just mindless entertainment., Ana de Armas. That is all, Thought it was fun, I'm a big fan of the source novel and every adaptive choice they made either added bland genericism (such as so much of the movie devoted to explaining a simple, dull","It was okay. Definitely not something I would recommend anyone put at the top of their to-watch list. It was funny enough and the characters were likeable. Hopefully they build on it with a better season 2, I found this show impressively unfunny, It felt like 2 seperate scripts stuck together with tape, This does not belong on best of - what an awful show., This show was terrible. I had such high hopes but it felt fake and forced. Nothing climatic ever happened. Does not deserve to be in any best of category","Every episode feels like a movie ..i like it so far, What is there to not believe? , The start of the first episode was a bit hard to take after this last week with the shooting in Texas., Looooving it. 4 episodes in., been waiting since 2019, its finally here, Unbelievable, right?!, Just as CERN restarts their ""operations""., Its been fireeeeee, Can I start watching from Season 4 without watching the previous seasons?, Havent seen it yet but I am excited, feels good tho that they made the episodes longer","While the Netflix documentary focused *more* on backstage operations/producers of Woodstock and less on the crowd, I don't think the Netflix documentary nessecarily excused the crowd's role. However","You just described just about every Jackie Chan movie Ive ever seen., Nobody. Great movie, This should be incredibly easy to find. Pretty much any anime with a male lead, for starters., American Ultra, Kungfu Hustle (Stephen Chow).

Actually pretty much most of his movies., Karate Kid, The 100, Better off Dead with John Cusak as Lane Meyer., What?, Kazuma?, Metal lords felt a little like this. More from the theme than the genre, but the main actor was massively OP., Chuck, Yeah op needs to watch more anime., OP is calling himself a rich, smart fighter, [deleted]","Is octopus horror a term in the movie industry and 8s this therefore a joke I don't understand or is this just a shitty movie list, Aquaman is in there, so I think it's just a list of movies with octopuses in them., Yea but horror movies? Aquaman???, American Ultra, Kungfu Hustle (Stephen Chow).

Actually pretty much most of his movies., Karate Kid, The 100, Better off Dead with John Cusak as Lane Meyer., What?, Kazuma?, Metal lords felt a little like this. More from the theme than the genre, but the main actor was massively OP., Chuck, Yeah op needs to watch more anime.","[**Insecure**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqCwxtEdJWk) \- I don't know if I would describe it as a romantic drama, it's more a comedy-drama with a lot of romantic relationships. Or a romantic comedy-drama. The romantic relationships are definitely a big part of the show, but they aren't the only/main focus. I digress.

Insecure is a really well-made, wonderful series about people entering their 30s and figuring out their life. The series portrays relationships (platonic, romantic, and familial) and personal development in a way that feels grounded","What do you mean by too mainstream? It was specifically created to be an incredibly mainstream show to be the face of Netflix for a while. How can you be too mainstream when your goal is to be a pop culture hit?, The first season is one of the best viewing experiences Ive had in a long time. I have not cared for anything really about it after that. I dont think it was meant to be more than 1 season. The popularity of it pushed Netflix to demand more seasons.","I mean it just came out this month and I've already seen multiple reddit posts about it., There have been multiple threads over the last week., lol that's funny. For me the internet can't stop talking about Arcane. Everyone is in love with it.  But for good reason. I don't play the LOL games at all but this series has ben on my radar since the initial trailer where every frame looked gorgeous. It blew everyones expectations out of the water, the writing, the voice acting, the awesome soundtrack","The best part of the movie is when he says ""It's morbin time!"" and transforms!, I loved Jake Gyllenhaal in this movie!!!, Can't wait to finally see this, is it on Netflix Ireland or US only as yet?, They should take away your permission to post. This movie is awful. Straight trash, Its the most movie of all time!, I'm glad yourself and this sub has such a great sense of humor, I feel the biggest achivement is that non LoL players can enjoy the story too., go play LoL ARAM version. very chill, Lol what. I see tons of highly upvoted threads not only on this sub but also on television.","Talk to me goose., It's leaving Netflix on May 31st! A good time to watch/rewatch it since the sequel, Top Gun Maverick, is out this weekend :)., TIL there is no top cadet trophy in navy flight school. , Top gun was and is such a crappy shit hole of a movie., I just watched it for the first time and was 
 underwhelmed. I think the sequel will do well with modern sfx., I'm glad yourself and this sub has such a great sense of humor, I feel the biggest achivement is that non LoL players can enjoy the story too., go play LoL ARAM version. very chill","Comedy: Brooklyn 99, rake, the good place, lovesick, master of none,  glow, sex education, community, Kim's convenience, the office, Seinfeld, the IT crowd

Drama / mystery: dark, ozark, Russian doll, dirk gently, mindhunter

Anime: demon slayer, cowboy bebop, death note, code geass

Western animation: arcane, Bojack horseman, Rick and Morty


Depends on your mood, they're all great imo, Defo black mirror films (netflix)

The imperfects (netflix)

Red rose

Breeders

Cobra kai, I Think You Should Leave, Naruto, Berserk (the 90s version), Disenchantment, [deleted], Assassination classrom","Comedians Of The World. Check it out. I think there's like 12-13 countries represented, each with 4 comic doing mini 20-30 minute specials., Eddie Izzards first few standups were amazing. I think he might have done one while speaking French?, I think Jimmy Carr has some specials on Netflix. 

If youve never heard him, Bill Burr. Hes American but one of his specials he performs in London and he definitely made an effort to make his material more palatable to a UK audience. That would probably be the best to start with, its called Paper Tiger. 

Also","Better call Saul is so good!, Stranger Things is a decent show, but wildly overrated., Dark, Idk why people like Ozark so much. Started off pretty strong but by the end I didnt even want to watch anymore, just had to finish it., Netflix better figure something out because 2 of their flagship shoes are basically done with and nothing good has come out to replace them., Bojack Horseman has some of the best writing and character dynamics in television. Truly a masterpiece and one of the most unique productions ever made, They have half a season left then that show is done.","Try season 1 of True Detective! I haven't seen the other seasons so I can't say anything about them, but I have watched season 1 like 3 times at least lol

Edit to add: I don't know if it's true crime, it's just rly a good detective story as far as I know, Fargo S1&3 especially, When They See Us","Sorry for the second post but I got to thinking, The Good Place, Schitts Creek and New Girl are pretty good. And I believe they are all on Netflix., I'm totally unqualified to comment on this, but my wife loves that show. She used to watch Hart of Dixie on repeat, but I think they might have pulled it off netflix., Maybe *Call the Midwife*? Sometimes there are high stakes with the patients","Jan and Michael from The Office came to my mind., Love And Anarchy., Moonlighting. Bruce Willis and Cybil Shepard. Willis first TV gig., Not a show but the film Misery tells a wonderful love story that might be right up your alley., what/if. renee z stars

the catch w/muriel enos, Chuck, Better Off Ted., Kims Convenience, Hondo and Cortez date in the first season of swat, Heart of Dixie is what youre looking for, Good girls, Kims Convenience

The Fosters

Younger

All Creatures Great and Small, One Tree Hill, Thank you! Also Kims convenience actually. Curious about more suggestions!","yeah its a really amazing show. Start watching that next., Yes, but be prepared to yearn for more seasons that most likely wont come. :(, Yes, absolutely., Season 1, absolutely. Its worth it for the Kemper character alone., Yes, Yes it's really well made., Don't bother.its unfinished, Its really good!   Check out the YouTube videos of the actual murderers after you watch","I'm personally okay if movies and TV ignore covid, why is this written like its a good thing? fuck the pandemic i dont wanna hear about it in my shows, Personally o just want a break from thinking about covid while Im watching something ha., I personally can't watch anything with the pandemic in it. I need to try and forget about it once in awhile., I dont wanna see covid crap in my tv shows or movies. No thanks, Which films are denying the pandemic though?, I appreciated the way ""Superstore"" approached COVID","Jane the Virgin, Reign, If you like Gilmore Girls, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel  is even better. Im watching it now!, Series:  Offsprings. Loved it!, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend

Dead to Me

Sexify

American Vandal, 
Series:

As We See It

Collateral

Quicksand

Hit and run

Safe

The Missing/Baptise

Ozark

Younger

Absentia

The Affair, Wanted, This isn't original but The Walking Dead is a really good watch up to a certain point if you haven't watched it already :), The Mole, Russian doll, Am I going crazy? Is this not the entire point of every post in this subreddit?","Broadchurch and The Killing would be great additions, Mindhunter, Better call Saul!, True detective, Narcos. It was so good I grew a mustache after watching., Can you also suggest some from your list? I loved Dexter.
I would recommend Peaky Blinders, it's great!, Not Netflix (but was, and may come back) but Twin Peaks. If you haven't seen that, you haven't seen the best (and most random) crime show ever made. , Bodyguard, The Fall

The Following

Mare of Easttown

Narcos (based on truth but dramatized a bit and really good, especially the first few seasons with Pablo.), I love this list","At no point in your rambling, incoherent response was there anything that could even be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul., Wtf ? I watched this movie and struggled through it and didnt really understand much at all :(, To me, chapter 1 was about how the drive for improving our home & possessions for social status can come between us, destroy our relationship with our children, as it consumes us.


I didnt have similar epiphanies from chapters 2&3","Nice try YouTube, Id watch it, Doubtful., Hell no, Not too different from my usual scroll through options for 20 min give up turn off tv, When I was in college there was a great website, ""whatmovieshouldiwatchtonight"" that just played trailers for cool, obscure movies, I made a channel called the whats new channel that showcased all the latest releases on different streaming services like a digital magazine. It had the trailer and quick link to the channel showing the show. Was really popular until roku ban it for using deep links. Anyway Im not giving up on other streaming devices.","Really solid, I've enjoyed it more than season 3 so far. Excited for the 2nd part coming out in July., Embarrassingly turned it off a few minutes into episode 2 its too scary for me now!, Ive been skipping the high school bully scenes. Theyre cringe and way too long. Haha youre dads dead and you loved him haha loser like what? Luckily theyre pointless so you dont miss anything when you skip them.

Lucas is a useless coward as always","*Ozark, The Last Kingdom, Peaky Blinders* or *Altered Carbon*, those should soak up some time, The Silent Sea. I'm enjoying it muchly., Would definitely check out arcane if you've not seen it already.

I think you'll be able to binge the entire season in 5 hours, and it would definitely be 5 hours well spent IMHO., Don't look up is a fun movie., You need a good tv drama series to get into my friend. Start looking there., If you haven't seen dark mirror go for it, MIB or batman animated series is brilliant too. Terminator marathon is always an option, Bojack Horseman","I'm pretty sure this is from the movie How to be Single. but the girl is a brunette and the scenes you're talking about is Alison Brie's storyline.The 'rum and coke' line is used when her online dating shenanigans go wrong!

Here's the beginning scene re. the wifi: [scene](https://youtu.be/1nJ8qqduQs8), Sounds a lot like ""He's just not that into you"" but that was a movie..., Ah! Solved!  


OK that is exactly the scene I saw. I don't know why, but I was REALLY REALLY sure that it was an ad for a new show... So even when I found the movie with that title","Its a little silly but I enjoyed it., I won't pretend like it's high art but Emily in Paris is exactly what you think it will be. A forgettable, fluffy piece of entertainment that doesn't bore you to death. I personally liked it even if it was a little cheesy, so if that's something you like, then definitely watch it., Watched a few episodes but definitely not recommending it.
It's just too far from being realistic, Please reply with other fashion shows (other than SATC thats an obv one), You should refrain from making these dumbass surveys, The thing is they're not on Netflix","Dead Like Me. I envy people that havent seen it because I wish I could forget everything that happened so I see it again for the first time!, After Life, Flowers, with Olivia Coleman., F is for family, Little 
It made me laugh out loud its so funny. The plot:
When a nightmarish boss is transformed into her teen self, shes forced to go back to school, while her long-suffering assistant has to run the company.

It sort of gives you freaky Friday vibes., I actually like The harder I fall","The science in it makes the movie Armageddon look like a National Geographic documentary in comparison.  It was technically impressive though., Patiently waiting for 3 body problem movie, This movie was fucking terrible, you could tell that huge parts of the movie had been edited away to the point where character goals no longer made any sense. You can even Google to verify this.

All it shows is that China can make a decent enough looking sci-fi movie. Now it just needs to suss out plots., Youll LOVE Moonfall. Its so over the top you wont care. Its just bonkers out","Yeah kind of a let down when they just started bringing people back to life like it's nothing., its boring, very slow and the actors don't suite the characters at all - shame could have been great :(, Disaster, too much superpowers, I was hoping for brutal fight scenes like in punisher and daredevil, with plot of betrayal, backstabbing plot twist all in the realm of rationality. They've done too much, ruined it., Season 3 is a shit show. The producers being a pair of middle aged pot smokers did the unforgivable and messed around with canon, sidelined important characters","Killing Eve, [Patriot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW6usoJXCPY&ab_channel=PrimeVideo) (much better than the trailer might suggest)

[Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZWQnMlrhcI&ab_channel=NetflixNederland%26Belgi%C3%AB)

[Mr. Inbetween](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEFd9MNnMLc&ab_channel=SeriesTrailerMP)

and not so much comedy but quirky in an offbeat way [Utopia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJnN3WMwDsk&ab_channel=Tom%C3%A1sDaze) (UK version)

all the above are a little violent, with mild swearing but I don't think contain sex or nudity.",This a common problem among streaming services. I find that most of the recommendations don't have anything to do with the content I watch. They also make recommendations based on something I watched for 5 min and gave up on.,"Sex education, The girlfriend experience, Not particularly like Sex Life, but Love, Death, and Robots has some sexuality. I'd recommend the episode The Witness., I have not seen Sex Life so I am not sure if it's what you are looking for but ""Sense8"" has a few tasteful orgies in it, so definitely NSFW, I havent seen Sex Life yet, but Sexify is super binge-worthy and deals with NSFW themes. Also, Love & Anarchy and Sex Education., Good shout, good shout, I have seen it though :), Sense8 was brilliant, shame it got cancelled (I think)","I hadnt seen a stand up of his for about 15 years when he did Animals and Politics, I loved both of those. 

And I thought this was pretty good too. Id say about 80% of the jokes were very funny, the rest either didnt hit the mark or were just a bit over the top; trying too hard to be offensive. 

I personally wasnt offended by any of his jokes, but I imagine those with a sensitive sense of humour will likely be appalled. 

All in all Id recommend it., Its very funny, love Ricky, I didn't find it funny","woah, where is arcane on this list?? queen's gambit??, 1. Dark

2. The Queen's Gambit

3. Narcos

4. When They See Us

5. Ozark

6. Mindhunter

7. Russian Doll

8. Sense8

9. Black Mirror

10. Stranger Things, 1. Haunting of Hill House
2. Stranger Things
3. Midnight Mass
4. Squid Game
5. The Queen's Gambit
6. Archive 81
7. Haunting of Bly Manor
8. Umbrella Academy
9. Black Mirror
10. Mindhunter, Was Cobra Kai really that good?  I watched about 20 minutes and decided it wasn't something I'd like. Maybe I should have given it more of a chance. I've liked 1, 3","It's based on manga from 2010 and came out on Netflix in 2020, well before Squid Game, so your thinking that it's a bit of a rip-off is erroneous.

I also watched it after I watched Squid Game and didn't think it was as good as Squid Game. But I'm probably looking forward more to season 2 of Alice in Borderlands than Squid Game., > So far it seems a bit like a Squid Game rip-off

But it was released before Squid Game..., This came out way before Squid Game. But yeah I enjoyed it., I saw this after squid game but thought it was good. Can't wait for season 2!","No Gus?, So hard to pick between Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul., Where is Huel?, Raymond Cruz as Tuco Salamanca his character is something else. But damn Bryan Cranston for sure! He blew MY expectation out of all. Second Aaron Paul. Anna Gunn I really dislike her character so he acting was spectacular, she played the role quite well. As for the other 3 its all MEH, They were all amazing and forever memorable. Not easy to choose one but Walt it is.","Maybe?, Doubtful. The series its based on has a different sibling as main couple each book. I read the books somewhat out of order and had no trouble., No. Its not like theres any suspense in season 1 you would ruin by watching s2 first., No,but you can.

You have some time to catch up., I didnt like the whole concept. Im a terrible costume snob. But I finally gave in on a dry night last week . Its delightful!, Yes, Yes you do. Season 2 is based off of season 1, Yeah there will probably be references to season 1. Its not a show like American Horror Story. I would suggest OP watches S1.","I prefer subtitles to dubs, mainly because the voiceover actors are usually terrible and that's a bigger distraction to me, but it's a personal preference. if you enjoy a show more with dubs than subtitles, use the dubs. you do you., Haha I have the opposite problem! When I go to a theater I deeply miss having subtitles! I have them on pretty much 100% of the time so am quite dependent on them., tbh, with some shows the dubbing is hardly a problem. i actually watched ragnarok with dubs and i think it was pretty good, the voice actors did a great job and it didnt really detract at all., No","Kind of a stretch for these:

* My Spy 
* Gran Torino 
* The Grinch
* Leon the Professional, What i gather from watching the trailer, mr vincent, ""The grinch"" fucking lol, Haha his heart grew three sizes that day.., Abbott elementary (on Hulu or HBO), Kims Convenience

As We See It

Younger

Transparent

Always Sunny in Philadelphia

Arrested Development

Seinfeld, Parks and rec, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.

Great News.

Not on Netflix...""What We Do in the Shadows"", Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Friends., The it crowd, Gotta watch parks and rec","Stranger Things is on the same level of Dark, but they're quite different from each other.

Both shows have a lot of intriguing mysteries. But Stranger Things is a coming-of-age horror-adventure with supernatural and sci-fi elements. Dark is a time travel sci-fi thriller.

Stranger Things does not have filler episodes btw. I have no idea why would someone say that., Have you tried out umbrella academy?, Try umbrella acedemy, In my opinion Stranger Things is way better than Dark, so I really think you should at least try it. 
Another serie I suggest is The Handmaids Tale.","The Other Guys, Don't know if it's PG-13 but ""Sweet Tooth"" was kinda good., Outer Banks is pretty good. Its a show but my son and I had fun binging it., Depends what your teens are into. I adore A Silent Voice but some of my friends find it boring, while others have the same opinion as me. Shrek 2 is on there, complete classic, The Babysitter, Heartstopper is really good! Alexa and Katie is really good., Stranger things is so good  . You should watch it, Definitely recommend Stranger Things., Thanks, Is it good? Academy part threw me off, Couldnt get past the talking monkey honestly","Killing Hank. 

He decided when he arrived what he was going to do and no amount of clever talking was going to change hjs mind. Such a sad episode this one and that line was an absolute killer because us at home watching were stupid enough to think Walter could save him too., Hank knew he was gonna die even thought Walt was trying to convince Jack not to kill him., r/breakingbad might have some resources for you, Killing Hank duh","Killing Hank. 

He decided when he arrived what he was going to do and no amount of clever talking was going to change hjs mind. Such a sad episode this one and that line was an absolute killer because us at home watching were stupid enough to think Walter could save him too., Hank knew he was gonna die even thought Walt was trying to convince Jack not to kill him., r/breakingbad might have some resources for you, Killing Hank duh","Umbrella academy, Loooved pinky blinders!  any series like this  ?, either Sense8 or Dark, **Dark**, nothing comes even close., I really liked The OA, but they canceled it after 2 seasons.


Ozark


Marcella, These are my most favorite ones:

Schitt's Creek

Emily in Paris

How I met Your Mother

Queen's Gambit

Brooklyn 99

Bojack Horseman, The 100 I guess., House of Cards
Edit: But don't make me pick onnnneeeee, Love love love the concept of the keys !, Ive never seen ! Maybe Ill start it, They actually made 3 seasons and are working on #4 !!! The release date is January 21st 2022 ","I feel like you should focus on the surgery., Dexter seems appropriate., what hospital do you work at? asking for personal reasons , One with tons of jump scares., Comedy specials so you dont get too stressed during the op, Fireplace, Nailed it, Cooking shows are nice, Human centipede, A slasher series would be a good start, or how about some Vampire series?, Conjuring would be a great watch, Spawn, Ratched (netfliggs TV show), Doggie Howser MD, not sure if its on Netflix though., Its on peacock, Dang I definitely recommend... Along with ozark if you haven't seen and end of the fucking world","Homeland. Period., Prometheus, alien(s), the descent, kill bill, silence of the lambs, terminator 2, serenity, girl with dragon tattoo

Orphan black, Game of thrones, torchwood, westworld, the oa, Vikings, Godless, how to get away with murder is great, Melissa McCarthy, The Heat, SHE, Wentworth

Absentia

Maid

Collateral

Unbelievable, Marchella, Van Hesling. Wyonna Earp. Ghost in the Shell. WW. Charlies Angels. Hidden Figures. Lucy. Lady Bird.
Some of these are not on Netflix like Charlies Angels, Hidden Figures, Lucy","Haunting of Hill house is so good!, I wish these weren't so vastly different, I said Brooklyn 99 because its amazing but so is Bly Manor though its not as good as Hill House., If you watch *Sherlock*, stop after the first episode of series 3. Trust me., Fruits Basket. I'm a fan of the OG series but the reboot is still pretty good., Stranger Things. Not that its necessarily the best of these, but it seems the obvious choice to watch *first*., The Expanse on Prime is fantastic., Hill house then bly manor for sureeee, Watch Brooklyn Nine Nine, if you want some good amount of comedy.","This fool gets paid millions in USD to carry out this nuclear plan to destroy the US which will completely devalue the USD to 0.

What a chad , Yeah I am usually a sucker for good ""popcorn"" flicks that make up for lack of story with a ton of good action.     Really enjoyed the movie Battleship for example.   

Was hoping this would be similar but...... No I couldn't even finish this one.    Everything was just so horrible..... The acting, the story and action scenes were all terrible.      I want my money back, Please dont waste your time watching this movie","I just finished and really enjoyed it! I thought it was great to have a happy family dynamic. I loved that Peter wanted to be at home with his family and genuinely loved them. I especially enjoyed his dad. 

For me, it's a solid movie in the cheesy holiday rom com genre., Just watched this and I have to agree, some cheesy parts are to be expected but none of it felt forced and the casting was perfect for the practically every role that made the family feel genuine., wow I need to check this out. thanks for the review, Yes! We watched it as a family last night","Yo. Youre just spamming this sub with god awful movie and tv series suggestions 

One day old account at that., Thought it said 'rambunctious rabbis'. That would have been much more intereating, 100% what I read too, Yes! We watched it as a family last night, and I was really pleasantly surprised. I was very impressed with the supporting cast: the main character's family was very well cast and supplied a lot of nuance that is lacking in many rom coms., Just finished it based on this recommendation, I loved it!! Predictable? Yes","Side story about a trans student., Well, different people like different things but this was certainly to my taste. I guess I love art. Sorry few others do., I thought this was a little gem too! I'm not really into art, but I liked the story and details that were about art. Loved the drawing style too!, I'm wish I had the talent to be an artist so this was like wish fulfillment., I'm afraid I have no artistic bone in my body either and don't feel like putting in the effort required to get a bit better at drawinf or painting. It's not a passion of mine so doesn't seem worth it.","So many jokes in that show. Im on my second run through and cannot believe how much I missed the first time. 

The theme song is very, very catchy and yes the Dammit pops into my mind randomly!, In the show Venture Brothers one of the characters exclaims ""double damnit!"" and brother replies ""Hank! You just said the double D word!"" Anyway that's what I was hoping for, I love the theme.  When you use the usual Skip Intro on the interactive  Kimmy vs the Reverend, the guy being interviewed appears and ""forces"" you to watch the extended version.

It is the best of these interactive movies by far.","The only thing I didnt like outside of the ending was that one player was unfairly handicapped in the game because they had to explode the glass bridge. Such a dumb way for the character to go., I think it's detriment to storytelling to imply that all details need to eventually roll around into important plot points. 

Not everything needs to be played off. Priorities shift, things change, and potential set ups get us excited for what could happen; and it all keeps us engaged all the while.

Some of these do seem like they could be plot holes","I LOVED this! I believe it is absolutely worth the watch. I would love to understand how some of these peoples minds worked. And I truly do wonder, if the family would have agreed to have the brain donated to science, could they have really found out something that caused him to act the way he did? I just dont feel like he had anything wrong with his mind that could have been found, I believe it was something more mental that would have had to have been discussed to be diagnosed, not examined. , Is this worth the watch? I literally just started it a couple minutes ago?","I think it was pretty obvious that it was Mike., Hes obviously gay. Mom has said from the start that hes been teased by dad for being different. He likes Mike and his brother saw him pout his heart out for him and understands it. I hope the writers send Mike off with living in his truth, happy and free., I thought one of the most interesting things was David Harbours Wight loss for the last episode... He must have lost 40-50 lbs for that scene in the church..., Joyce boobs are good","Schitts creek, Happiest Season was good, even with Kristen Stewart leading the cast. Of course having Dan Levy as supporting cast, and stealing the show every scene he's in, helped immensely.

That's on Hulu, and it's a Christmas movie., So maybe this one isnt good but over the holiday i watched Single All the Way and while it is just above a hallmark movie in quality it def had some of the vibes you are looking for. Not a perfect fit but worth a try., Yeah, it doesn't have a really good score on IMDb ","Raising Dion, The Upshaws, Luke Cage, The Get Down, Zero, Black Lightning, Blood and Water ( I havent had time to watch most of this so I dont know if theres misery porn or not) 

Those are the ones on Netflix. I think the realest black show out there right now though is Atlanta. Very smart and savvy look into modern black culture in America., EDIT: oh wait, this is NETFLIXBestOf, not televisionsuggestions...there are a number of good **movies** on Netflix Id recommend","If you're from Toronto and you want to see Toronto in a movie or TV show, just watch Scott Pilgrim, or The Boys, It was pretty funny with some decent action scenes, I thoroughly enjoyed it, especially being a Netflix movie. I wouldn't have mind paying to see it in theaters., It was fun, you a hater, Other than to see for myself if I find it enjoyable?

What is the point of a post like this?, I liked it. It was like a netflix budget Red. 
The action finale reminded me of Kingsman as well. It wasn't ground breaking or anything","The whole hallway smells like cum, Thanks for putting this on my radar. Haven't heard of it til now but I love Trixie and Katya., Ding Dong!, Its my favorite thing when I see a new one of these drop because I know Im about to have the perfect thing to watch while stoned eating snacks later lolI especially love when they watch horror, their reactions to the latest Texas Chainsaw movie had me on the freakin floor. Even the Zoom episodes are good because they just have that much chemistry!","Other shows to add to the list:

Power

Boardwalk Empire

Warrior(HBO)

Queen of The South

Peaky Blinders, Tokyo Vice is so good, Top boy all day. Quick watch as well, Its my favorite thing when I see a new one of these drop because I know Im about to have the perfect thing to watch while stoned eating snacks later lolI especially love when they watch horror, their reactions to the latest Texas Chainsaw movie had me on the freakin floor. Even the Zoom episodes are good because they just have that much chemistry!","Lol this isnt even close.  Just one more way Ozark tried to color-by-numbers with Vince Gilligan and just couldnt keep the magic.  Javi was one note, nothing really interesting about that guy.  Tony Dalton is mesmerizing., Rio on Good Girls, Who?, not sure why you were downvoted. Javi and the entire show was average at best. The entire show had better premises but they fucked it up royally by finding a way to create new subplots and adding needless characters. But I guess they just wanted to stretch the story longer to milk it. 

On topic, Del was a much character than Javi.","Dark, Have you watched you?, I also like riverdale, good girls, sex education, Ginny and Georgia, Sorry accidently posted twice, The 100 - 100 teens get sent down to earth, to see if it is survivable. The show itself is interesting for me, but in my opinion after season 4+- it gets boring, it's only my opinion, but other than that it's a nice show about teenagers exploring new things, there's blood if you like it. (NETFLIX)

LOST - A bit similar to the 100, but is a way better show. Anyways. Plane crashes with people in it, also they crash in an island and they just like.. try to survive ","The fresh prince of bel air ): Not British tho, And they're raising prices to 20 this month for the 4k tier... I've had Netflix since 2006, all through their transition from DVDs to streaming. I still think it's a better deal than cable ever was, but I am no longer sure it's better than some of the other streamers out there when it costs more. 

There are a few shows I like on Netflix, like the Crown and at least the later seasons of bakeoff. I thought Don't Look Up was disturbing and clever. Midnight Mass was good","I think so. I thought the 1st season of the Exorcist was good, but now I can't remember much about it except Geena Davis was in it.

Sarah Conner was decent too, but the show got cancelled on a cliffhanger, which was rough, because things were getting exciting., I liked SCC but it did end on a cliff hanger, but it was sort of addressed by Terminator Salvations plot. Still a good ride Id watch it. Great cast.","Orphan Black (Amazon Prime)


The Expanse (Amazon Prime). 


Handmaids Tale (Hulu).  It does still have one season left


Breaking Bad (Netflix)


Godless (Netflix)


Marcella (Netflix)


Turn (Netflix)


The Mosquito Coast (its a family, so there are kids, but its a mature drama) (Apple+)


For All Mankind (Apple+), Trailer park boys., On HBO Mare of Easttown and Hacks are great. There are a couple school age characters but they arent usually the focus of the show. It is not a show about high school kids., Vikings (Amazon Prime) maybe. It checks pretty much all of these boxes., Breaking Bad","Some of it can be hard to watch from a woman's perspective anyway. But if you can handle the harder core parts of it then it's an incredible show. I got very enthralled and ended up binge watching it lol., I only watched the first season. I was really enjoying it, but the rape and torture scenes got too excessive in the last few episodes. I got completely turned off watching the rest of the show. Less is more, you know?, I loved the historical aspects to the story","Your post has been automatically removed because you did not follow correct title formatting.

Your title must start with a required tag - either [META], [NEWS], [REQUEST], [DISCUSSION], or a region tag. Please read the Regional Flair post for more information about region tags: http://www.reddit.com/r/NetflixBestOf/comments/2vqf1c/regional_flair/

If you are posting a movie (with a region tag)","https://www.netflix.com/us/title/81289483, Ill always advocate Uncut Gems, Kate is beautifully shot., Outlander, The Crown no cap. The only Netflix original that comes close to The Crown in terms of cinematography are Dark & Daredevil.

The cinematography, camera work, sets, costumes, lighting, framing, color pallate, acting and the visual appeal on The Crown is so fucking great. Its just as great as the shows with some of the best cinematography in tv history that includes Mr. Robot, Breaking Bad, Better Call Saul and even HBO classics like The Leftovers, Game of Thrones, True Detective","I've always loved Seinfeld. I watched it until the last episode.  I still watch it.  It is so funny., Yeah but these pretzels **are** making me thirsty!, Your post history is so bizarre., Im so glad they added seinfeld to netflix because it really is such a funny show., Yadda yadda yadda . . . :), I felt the same too. I enjoyed it more after watching Curb Your Enthusiasm., I have maybe, looked at a profile, about five times in all my years on here. You weren't lying., Maybe he's an anti-dentite., Right? The weirdo OP sent me a PM too.","About time

Dude goes HELLA out of his way, Big Fish, 50 First Dates

Good Dick, Maybe not an exact match but I love sappies and heres a few I enjoyed

Autumn in New York/
The Lake House/
Love Hard/
Persuasion/
And uhhh if youre feeling adventurous the 365 Days is always an option, How to Be Single! It has a few different story lines, but thats one of them., I know exactly the mood you are in. Its not technically quite what youre asking for but I know this will hit the right spot for you. Its not on Netflix but just trust me. Download this movie called Before Sunrise. Watch it","This movie didnt say anything remotely surprising for anyone who was even slightly aware of the news at the time. They didnt really dig deeper or reveal much beyond speculation about the creator of the brand and barely had anything about him substantiated because he refused to be interviewed. 

It was a weak documentary and this post feels like an attempt to drive readers to your blog., The show sucked.  Boring beyond belief., Yeah crappy rehash of information thats been out there for more than a decade., [Lookin' to enter Abercrombie and Fitch eh](https://youtu.be/-g9h3pu0BnY)","He destroyed that room and I was laughing my ass off, I enjoyed it. I laughed out loud a few times, This is one of the best sets that I've seen. Earthquake goes a little too fast, though, stepping on his own jokes. But some solid laughs., Agreed, pretty good. Ive been running out of stand up specials I feel particularly interested in so it was refreshing to get another good one., Agreed. 

Its rapid fire funny. Watching with captions on might not be the worst idea., Yerp. Not all that thought-provoking, other than wow, did I really just waste my time watching that., Age of Adaline","[deleted], Big little lies (HBO), Unbelievable on Netflix, Queens Gambit, Sharp Objects - HBO, Handmaids take (Hulu), Anne With an E. Her strength is in memorizing 3 page monologues., Mare of Easttown (HBO), Brand New Cherry Flavor

It gets a bit weird., Maid, Hacks HBO, **Doctor Foster** is the best I can think of on Netflix. Its 2 seasons, so I guess limited series would be more accurate

**Unorthodox** is kind of half drama and half thriller","Some of the questions seemed a little leading/there wasnt an available option for how I felt, Could have used a ""sometimes"" option., Unbelievable on Netflix, Queens Gambit, Sharp Objects - HBO, Handmaids take (Hulu), Anne With an E. Her strength is in memorizing 3 page monologues., Mare of Easttown (HBO), Brand New Cherry Flavor

It gets a bit weird., Maid, Hacks HBO, **Doctor Foster** is the best I can think of on Netflix. Its 2 seasons, so I guess limited series would be more accurate

**Unorthodox** is kind of half drama and half thriller","I think you should leave, I really liked Crazy Ex Girlfriend, as it has a similarly nuanced look at mental health issues, but starts out more funny. Depends heavily on how you feel about musicals and satirical rom-coms, though.

The Venture Bros has also scratched a similar animated itch, but I dont think its on Netflix.  Moral Orel is another animated one that hit hard like BoJack did., Fleabag on amazon prime. Though it's not exactly the same type of show - It's the same dry, cynical sense of humor, and the end of the second season makes me so emotional.","If I cant look it up how am I supposed to know what the movie is called?, I feel like this movie is being brigaded really hard as I'm seeing tons of ""satire is so forced"" comments where the language is specifically consistent and shows up in every thread relating to this movie whether it's on topic or not.

But honestly, the satire isn't really the selling point anyways. Leo's character arc and the final scene with the protagonists is worth the price of admission as a dramedy., [deleted], [https://i.imgur.com/tXuNRNF.gif](https://i.imgur.com/tXuNRNF.gif), I'm watching it","Pornhub has a super good step brother/step sister series you could checkout!!, Saved the post, for future science projects., Outlander, Euphoria

Spartacus: Blood and Sand, Brown Bunny, Most of Eva Green's filmography, Dark Desires on Netflix. It's a Spanish Drama. The actress is beautiful. If you're into MILFs., Elite, Oh nice..thank you, LOL, What do you mean?, Ok..I will try, Oh...is there nudity like hell?, What's brown bunny?, Who's she? Give some examples, S I am interested, Happy to help :), That's the name of the show. Search it., Wtf it has 42 episode","[deleted], I haven't found a Netflix show for sleep. Instead I bought DVDs of The Office and Frasier, ripped them to mp3, used a sound editor to decrease volume on loud scenes and remove theme songs because they are jarringly loud. I've watched them enough to not need the video and I can keep them all on my phone and play them wherever I'm sleeping.

So, find a comfort show that gives you the feels and then learn how to get mp3 recordings that you can edit to ensure they don't wake you up.","I know what you're saying: the humor was in your face (and a little juvenile) but somehow it didn't distract from the film.

I think the humor was paced out well with the action, like the >!empty shotgun!< gag was played like a straight action scene right until the last moment, then it didn't linger too much on the punch line.

But overall","Supernatural, Grimm on Prime fits what youre looking for, Lovecraft Country on HBO Max, Try out Sweet Home on Netflix, not exactly stranger things but there is a good amount of monsters in it., Castlevania, Shadowhunters
The Walking Dead
Shadow and Bone
Supernatural
Teen Wolf
Chilling Adventures of Sabrina
The Witcher
Buffy the Vampire Slayer (personally I didnt really like it but you might)

Hard to find something similar to ST so I went with the monsters thing., Charmed, Supernatural, Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off Angel, Falling Skies, The Walking Dead, Fear the Walking Dead","The lives of others

Jean de Florette/Manon of the Spring

Shawshank, Shutter Island ,
Shawshank Redemption,
A Brilliant Young Mind, The beach. Interstellar. 28 days later., Interstellar

The Dark Knight

Matrix, My top 3 favorite movies are (White chicks-knives out- and Disneys Coco), Like ever?

Star Wars

The Empire Strikes Back

Return of the Jedi

There are other movies Ive seen several times and obsessed over during certain parts of my life, and theyre all great too, but those three I saw countless times as a kid, and I keep re-watching them every few years","Can't u just list the names here?, What I love about living in France is that all the cemeteries are located outside of the villages, and surrounded by a tall stone wall. And all the houses have secure shutters and are generally protected by tall stone walls, too.
If there is ever a zombie outbreak in France, there's a good chance that the villagers will band together and burn the zombies before they can do much damage. , 5. World War Z
4. Planet Terror
3. Dawn of the Dead
2. Zombieland
1. Shaun of the Dead, Edit your post and include that., Thanks, Np","Idt I have even 1.. I'd like to see what other people have to say tho.. interesting question, Office Space would have to be in there. Pretty good top 5, Good list + Office Space too., Tear along the dotted line, the truman show was taken down from netflix..., Would you look at that, all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order.

I have checked 635,822,772 comments, and only 129,655 of them were in alphabetical order., Legends of the fall 

Last of the Mohicans

Patriot Games, The Addams family,
Dazed and Confused, and
The Conjuring, Collateral

Children of Men

LotR","Russian Doll is a very unique show. The first episode gives you the bare minimum so you need to watch at least 3 or so. And there are some good twists and things to keep propelling the story to bigger and better things so it's all around a great show. I just can't do medieval style shows so I'm biased, Ooooh theyre both good and shows I recommend. Maybe watch the premiere of both and see what hooks you the most?, I like Russian doll, but I love the last Kingdom.","What games?, I couldn't name a single game on Netflix to save my life, There are games on Netflix?

(That should have been your 4th option.), My kid likes Into the Breach enough that I'm home to find him some more turn based strategy games.

That's the only one I know of., Into the Breach is an amazing strategy game. Of course it hails from steam first. There are some decent games on there and no micro transactions., theres one dude out there gaming on netflix, I didn't know there were game on the Netflix mobile app. I had to check it just now. Might have to give them a try.","I loved this show! My take away was that almost everyone who lived in the house became a watcher., Don't Darren, Karen, Nora, and Dean literally have a meeting where Dean gets mad he didn't disclose that the previous owners got letter as well..., It seems unlikely that its Karens boss, unless she isnt a top performer.  The boss just wants to make money","HEAT, Get Out is more of a horror movie, not a crime film. And youre leaving off some heavy hitters: Goodfellas, Godfather 2, The Town, Dog Day Afternoon, Heat, The Departed, Fargo, Serpico, Donnie Brasco, The Professional, Se7en, Traffic, The Fugitive, etc etc. I could go on for a while here.

The Godfather is widely regarded as the best film of all time by many, or in the top 3. So of your choices Im going with it. But clean that list upGet Out is good but its more horror than crime, and The Joker doesnt even belong IMO, The Departed, Blood Simple., Chinatown?, Goodfellas, Hard boiled.","Hannibal, You (its on Netflix) second Mindhunter, Mindhunter, person of interest, manhunt unabomber

Blacklist?, https://collider.com/shows-like-dexter-for-more-cerebral-killers-and-titillating-crimes/, Not on Netflix, but ""Mr Mercedes"", Netflix - prodigal son, They said similar not superior. (), Both seasons of manhunt are great, I guess it depends on your palate ha, Yeah I was just joking around. Wouldn't want to be confused with rude., No not rude at all lol I was just trying to be witty haha Ill never be as cool as Hannibal or Will Graham but gosh dang do I try","Just watched the trailer. It is called ""Nobody's Looking"" in my region. Seems like a quirky show, which I like. Will check it out., It is a really good show. It won International Emmy for Best Comedy.

But this show was officially canceled in March 2020.

The official English title is ""Nobody's Looking"" btw, not ""Nobody is Watching""., I liked it but

>! imo had a very good build up but a disappointing end of season. kinda like the reveal was pretty dumb, It was great. I wish it hadn't been cancelled.","Breaking bad isnt a movie., None, Shitty options. I pick Top Gun Maverick, I was wondering who else noticed that too lol, El comno boom I win, Yeah they made a breaking bad movie but if you haven't seen the series I wouldn't recommend it, Any suggestion?, Okay cool, Depends what they want. I mean I havent seen any of your options so theres no frame of reference here., [deleted], Man, they really gotta give these things a chance.","Haven't seen season 2, so don't know how different it was to season 1, but From gave me very Wayward Pines vibes., Maybe Eureka? Its much lighter but has some similarities. Otherwise I think From is a good suggestion., Thanks, Ill give it a watch, Thank you, El comno boom I win, Yeah they made a breaking bad movie but if you haven't seen the series I wouldn't recommend it, Any suggestion?, Okay cool, Depends what they want. I mean I havent seen any of your options so theres no frame of reference here., [deleted], Man, they really gotta give these things a chance.","I saw that they bought Exploding Kitten's it's a fun game with friends if much like among us or cards against humanity, I have heard that Into the Breach is also pretty good, Minecraft, Yes it an interactive, Yep, That's not a game on Netflix, Ah you mene the Minecraft story mode  
I see, Okay cool, Depends what they want. I mean I havent seen any of your options so theres no frame of reference here., [deleted], Man, they really gotta give these things a chance.","Each episode is a stand alone story, so next episode will be completely different. I personally love that show., You've watched what is in my opinion the worst episode. Season 5 on the whole wasn't great.

Start with any other seasons, although I'd hold back on watching the very first episode of season 1. I love it, but it is definitely something else and scares a lot of people off from watching any more of it.","
Wentworth

Delhi Crime

The Affair

The Missing

Baptise

The Tunnel

Unhinged

Guilty

Shutter Island, Love death, and robots is great!, Harpers Island. Its wildly more entertaining than it should be, Tabula Rasa, a twisty Belgian thriller. Not many people talk about it., Known but underrated ""the white lotus"", Not lesser known depending on where you are from, but doctor who is great. Hbomax. Nuwho, couldn't get into classic who.way more adult themed spinoff torchwood is great too, Thursday with Micky Rourke and Aaron eckhart, Here are some you might not have seen. Hereditary, The Witch","Top Boy is a show I really enjoyed but I do not see it talked about much.  Think The Wire in London., Derry Girls!!, Giri haji its about a Japanese detective who has to go to London to solve a murder by a yakuza, I just discovered Godless. It's a violent western series with strong women and great acting all around. Didn't even know it existed. I've seen one episode and it looks great. Definitely a diamond in the rough for me., Lilyhammer is permanently going away from Netflix in November. One of mine and my so's favorite quirky shows., I dont hear Maid mentioned enough. Excellent story","Saved. Thank you., Glad to help :), Giri haji its about a Japanese detective who has to go to London to solve a murder by a yakuza, I just discovered Godless. It's a violent western series with strong women and great acting all around. Didn't even know it existed. I've seen one episode and it looks great. Definitely a diamond in the rough for me., Lilyhammer is permanently going away from Netflix in November. One of mine and my so's favorite quirky shows., I dont hear Maid mentioned enough. Excellent story, great production and directing","Did you mean after a break up?! Id so Id go with all action or cartoon like air bender, High Fidelity and Forgetting Sarah Marshall maybe?, 500 days of summer, The office it always makes me laugh no matter what, BoJack Horseman, Marriage Story, I like to watch comfort movies I liked growing up and have a good cry if I have a break up or am sad., If you want to feel all the feelings maybe Normal People (Hulu), Avatar the last Airbender. Community. The god of high school. Raven of the inner palace. Noblesse. The last 3 are on Crunchyroll, HBO max.","Did you mean after a break up?! Id so Id go with all action or cartoon like air bender, High Fidelity and Forgetting Sarah Marshall maybe?, 500 days of summer, The office it always makes me laugh no matter what, BoJack Horseman, Marriage Story, I like to watch comfort movies I liked growing up and have a good cry if I have a break up or am sad., If you want to feel all the feelings maybe Normal People (Hulu), Avatar the last Airbender. Community. The god of high school. Raven of the inner palace. Noblesse. The last 3 are on Crunchyroll, HBO max.","A really strong debut effort from writer/director Remi Weekes.  His House treads familiar ground within the genre, using a haunted house as the setting on which the story lays its foundation.  Exploring themes of immigration, classism & racism, Weekes does an excellent job weaving tension and suspense throughout as the story unfolds, bringing the audience into the isolation of being a refugee and the struggle to survive.  Mostly a psychological horror, with a few solid jump scares, Weekes is definitely going to be a director to watch within the genre., I realy liked this","Does Netflix market anything besides The Crown these days?

Only way I find out about new Netflix shows is by checking the recently added and worth the wait categories periodically and this sub., It is very fun and beautiful. I love it. And it's a shame they don't market anything. Real shame., It's fine, we're at episode 3/4. It's clearly targeted at a younger audience, and it's pretty much Jungle Book with a splash of Mononoke. It's more of a visual treat than a great story, yea they really aren't doing themselves any favors. This being a kids show I think it would have really taken off","I like to think that Lillyhammer is Silvios dream while he is in a coma after being shot., How and why are Netflixs own shows leaving., It's going to be weird seeing the show pop up on another streaming service one day., Then whats the point of having Netflix?!, One of the greatest shows I've ever watched. Steven Van Zandt is perfect., That's a real shame. Great show not enough people know about. Been trying to get friends to watch it for a while., Great series.  If you haven't watched,  you should!","There are already some good answers, but for me Tim Burtons Planet of the Apes Remake takes the cake!, Downsizing with Matt Damon. 

Had a cool premise and sets up into something interesting. Then towards the end it completely shifts gear into an armageddon disaster movie. Like it couldnt decide what it was just awful., Heroes., Not a movie but the TV show, the 100 will piss me off forever with that bullshit final season ugh worst ending to an otherwise (surprisingly) good show., Ang Lee's Hulk. I know it's not generally well regarded, but I loved most of the movie. The comic book aesthetics","Documentary: Wild, Wild Country., My favorite Netflix show (and possibly favorite show anywhere) is Borgen. Its about the President of Denmark. Sort of like a mashup of The West Wing/Madame Secretary/The Newsroom but in Danish and without optimism/humor., I liked The Sinner. Its a dark detective show and each season revolves around a different case., Have you watched Longmire? The mini series about Dahmer was good, as is Mindhunter. Not sure any of they would blow you off your feet but they are good.","This is us, every episode in one way or another got me emotional., River (one season only-British)

HBO Six Feet Under

Movie: Notes on a Scandal, The Affair

Unbelievable

Halt and Catch Fire

Younger

Wentworth

Collateral

Call the Midwife

Extraordinary Attorney Woo, Good Trouble is great and is spin off of The Fosters., Great show! I was disappointed in the last season though, I dont think Ive heard of River Ill check that out!, Seen it but good recommendation otherwise. Thank you, Ill always prefer The Fosters - I miss Stef and Lena but Good Trouble is fine. Im all caught up though ","I can highly recommend The Belko Experiment. A bunch of workers get locked inside their office block one day, find out the ID chips they've all been implanted with are really bombs, and the bombs will go off if they don't kill each other., maybe Akira? A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psychic psychopath who can only be stopped by a teenager, his gang of biker friends and a group of psychics. This movie invented dozens of new colors (literally, they created new colors for this movie) it's an anime movie tho","It has two seasons.but season one is the only one worth watching..Altered Carbon, Freaks and Geeks, Chernobyl, Godless, Maniac, It's not too well known on Reddit but look up something called Firefly., Russian dolls first season was great and i got through it in one day. It has two seasons but I didnt watch the second one and if i remember correctly theres no cliffhanger at the end of s1. Whole thing gets solved and done with, s2 is a different plot line., The Queens Gambit

Ratched

Edit: spacing, The Haunting of Hill House, The Haunting of Bly Manor, and Midnight Mass, Man vs bee","The Magicians. Kinda weird, but I liked most of the shows you listed so we must have similar taste. You said you wanted random, The Last Kingdom (excellent show, satisfying ending). Derry Girls (this show is hilarious and criminally underrated) Midnight Mass (very good) Broadchurch (first 2 seasons are excellent) Only Murders In the Building, The White Queen, The White Princess, Anatomy of a Scandal, The Crown, Barry on HBO, its easily one of my favorite shows, and it highlights Bill Haders comedic and just overall genius., The OA would likely work for you.","My girlfriend even noticed the hosts were wearing the same outfit throughout the whole show, meaning they shot the entire narration in one day and acted like they were watching the 28 day journey in real time with the ghost hunters , I'm lmao at the dime store demonologist and ""professional"" firefighter. I'm only 10 min in

Sigh. Paranormal stuff has really become something else over the years, Exactly my take. Poor Brandy out there just doing her thing. The other ""sensitive"" woman","Its a good watch. Not great but Richard Armitage holds it afloat., Oh shit it's Giles, Its like nearly every other Harlan Coben series on Netflix. Its a good weekend binge to watch while crocheting or folding laundry., I liked The Stranger a lot, It's great story, but a bit unrealistic and actors are not good. But I would recommend you to watch it. I'm curious how do you know what is your match percentage? I've never heard of that. Is it some website?, Im not sure I even tried past the first episode. Have watched a couple of HC series and find them convolutedand not great","Justified..

Elementary, The Shield., ozark, blacklist ( first 5 season i think is good), Obvious answer, but the new batman movie that came out. The Sinner is also good. Each season focuses on one case that this particular cop needs to solve. The characters are different each season except the cop. It's really interesting, but I would also classify it as a thriller., Mindhunter

White Boy Rick

There is Something Wrong with Aunt Diane

I Killed My Dad

Dehli Crime

The Sinner

The Missing

Baptise

Tell Me Your Secrets, Gangs of london, Wise Guy Is old but great","It's the same guys who did The Endless, and Resolution.

""Weird concepts explored decently"" is sort of their shtick.

It wasn't a bad movie, but I prefer their other works, Synchronic is the one with Anthony Mackie, right? I enjoyed the concept but the execution was terrible, and the acting was worse. And when [he left his dog behind](/spoiler), I just said fuck it and checked out. 

The other movies by the same guys are better, as mentioned by the other commenter., It was surprisingly good, Like The Endless","Black mirror, Archive81, I forgot the name but theres a Netflix show based on the future where there is like 150 floors and each floor houses two inmates and in order to get fed there is a descending floor the houses the meals for everyone but it starts at the top floor and goes down so the people at the bottom and lower levels dont get fed as much. It was really good and twisted.

Edit: Movie Name: The Platform. 
A slab of food descends floor by floor in a prison. The inmates above eat heartily, leaving those below starving and desperate.","Friday Night Lights, I'm a guy and was surprised how much I enjoyed Never Have I Ever on Netflix.  It's hilarious and has some of the best writing I've seen, Never Have I Ever, Derry Girls


Heartbreak High


On My Block, Veronica Mars, Sex education, Not a show but Moxie was a great ""coming of age"" movie written by Amy Poelher that was really funny and very girl power esque, Watch a movie called Sing Street (2016).  It's free on several ad-supported platforms., Sex education  
Atypical  
Community, Since Friday night lights is taken Ill go with lmk I havent seen on here One Tree Hill","Beyond Evil, Korean (subtitles)VERY GOOD THRILLER, 

Strangers from Hell Korean series, subtitles (really good thriller),, Mouse! Tell Me What You Saw! Mystery Queen 1 and 2! Voice 1, 2, & 3! Criminal Minds (Korean)! Tunnel (TV Series)!, Glitch, All of Us Are Dead, Sweet home, Extraordinary Attorney Woo -lighthearted, Veronica Mars, Sex education, Not a show but Moxie was a great ""coming of age"" movie written by Amy Poelher that was really funny and very girl power esque, Watch a movie called Sing Street (2016).  It's free on several ad-supported platforms.","Dark

The Empress, The Kingdom, How to Sell Drugs Online (Fast)

German show based on a true story, Marianne. French horror series., 3% - Brasilian dystopian SciFi series. Somewhat reminiscent of The Hunger Games. All four seasons are on Netflix.

Clark - Swedish mini series about Sweden's most famous bank robber, and the cause of the term Stockholm syndrome. Despite the heavy subject, this is riotously funny.

Capitani - Crime thriller from Luxembourg. Somewhat of a slow burn but very intriguing. Two seasons., Giri/Haji

Squid Game

Extracurricular 

Girl From Nowhere

The Victim's Game","Six Feet Under!! Never was there a more perfect series finale., Derry Girls its a short series but its so good and very funny., The type of show that makes you a bit sad after finishing it  Schitts Creek made me feel this way. I loved how they developed the characters. Ones that irritated me in the beginning were the very ones I grew to enjoy the most. Great show., Longmire (I really wanted more episodes), Station 11, Fleabag on prime, Schitts Creek, supernatural
and there is enough to binge for a good month

dexter!, Friday night lights","Dredd (the Karl Urban one)

Existenz

Strange Days

Split Second

Twelve monkeys

the Thing (kurt russell), Children of Men, For me, it's the rustic world building coupled with realistic CGI that works. It works because it's extremely believable and relatable unlike Elysium., Arrival is another one that explores alien contact in an interesting and humanizing way.

Children of Men has that same gritty urban feel and is set in a hard scifi near future. It's more a war film than scifi, but definitely has District 9 vibes.

Looper has some of that same aesthetic","I, for some reason, am fascinated by the Betty Broderick case. Not because I feel for her in any way. I have been used etc.. by a man and he is still living fine. But I just can't watch enough and I am bothered by it. I hope she doesn't benefit by the telling of her story. I'm from Milwaukee and I know the Dahmer family, or I think, doesn't benefit from the horrific story being told and retold for years, It's fiction.. its not supposed to mimic real life (apart from Dirty John)., What is an ""accurate political fact?"", what are you smoking?","I think next year. You can watch the prequel movie if you have not, This show is a wild ride from start to current. The cinematography and the clothing designs are just stunning. Super spooky too, ugh sorry I guess I didnt realize how into it I was , Such a good show, LOVED Kingdom!, That 3rd season isn't coming freakin' soon enough!!, I found it to be quite slow, but I liked it overall, It's a bit odd to call this a k-drama. It's not a soap opera at all. It's set it Korea, but the story is mild Game of Thrones politics mixed with a zombie apocalypse., I love the storyline was so good","Solid crime film with a lot of dark elements. Fantastic acting from both leads. The soundtrack and visuals gave off such eerie vibes and made it unsettling. Even had a few jump scares for me (Im a huge scaredy cat). Didnt know this was based on a true crime until I googled it up! I would recommend!, EXCELLENT , Sean Harris is a really underrated actor, Amazing just finished, after the reveal I'm going to re watch it to catch all of what I missed.","I dont know why those two are your go to after Severance.  Neither is really that similar.  Severance is more like Maniac or Russian Doll or other weird high concept shows, Huge fan of The Leftovers as it has probably the best acting of any show I have ever seen.

With that said, its important for those going into it to realize the point of the show isnt finding out what happened, but watching how people reacted to what happened.  It may change your outlook on watching it., Succession is my favorite show of the last 5-6 years.  Completely fantastic","I loved this show! I hope it gets renewed for a season 2 havent heard anything yet but fingers crossed., I really liked it, but I felt it was kind of an Australian version of Sex Education., It's been a while since I watched it, but I felt pretty bad when that boy (forgot his name) was high, in a state of shock because of police violence and racism and, right after, he was pretty much sexually abused. I thing this should have been discussed more, I loved this show too., Already renewed.... what did you loved most about the show ?","You'd think Dean would stop taking each story at face value at least after the first six times he was burned.

This was like Scooby Doo for adults.,  Safe or The Stranger. Both by Harlan Coben and good mysteries, Dont have any recommendations sorry, but just wanted to say I totally agree with you. It was fun to watch but so disappointing lol, Behind Her Eyes., The Woman in the House Across the Street from the Girl in the Window, White Lotus has similar, a bit darker/creepier vibes. 
9 perfect strangers.
Big Little Lies.","It was a fun movie. It was not a good movie., I cant really remember anything that happens but I did watch the whole movie without looking at my phone or taking a nap. Thats pretty high praise in my book. It was a silly action flick and was fun., It was a very empty movie. Everything just happened and left absolutely nothing of substance or value, IMO., I loved it. Thought it was fun., I thought the movie finally took off with the last fight in the fountain.

Finally there was power and meaning in the action.","Train to Busan. Korean zombie movie., Marianne. French horror show on Netflix., The Outsider, Mothman with Richard Gere, Kingdom (zombie show) and Alice in Borderland, [deleted], kingdom, The Fear Street trilogy!, If you havent seen it you should give the Mark Duplass film, Creep a watch. It was solid., Terrifier, The Ruins

The Perfection, Creepshow. Theres the movie and then the series. Greg Nicotero is credited as the creator of the series so if hes attached its got to be pretty good. Watch the movie, too. 

Alas, the series is only on Shudder. But while youre there","Hadn't heard of this, looks up my alley going to start it tonight! It sounds like it's based off of Daniel Ek/Spotify. Is that true?, It's such a shit ending for God's sake. What's the need to bring things to the future?

They left the story of the artists untold to give time to Bobbi's imaginary story

What was the need to show that Daniel is a piece of shit that does not listen to the artists?

Why didn't they just bounce off the guilt to the record labels keeping all that margin? It was such an obvious argument!!

I also find that many scenes are unnecessarily dramatic.

Cool story","I actually enjoyed the first movie and really liked Burn Notice so I am all in!!! Yeeeehawwwww!!!!, Every time a bizarre sequel like this pops up, I will always mention the fact that Dread 2 still doesn't exist., Didnt this movie bomb? Like realy hard too? 

Edit: 78 mil box-office on a 130 mil budget., I had no idea what Jeff Bridges said that entire first movie. Just some hard core mumbling with a mouth full of cotton. 
So Im hoping they continue that with his replacement to be consistent, Netflix is doing THIS shit but can't finish the last season of GLOW. Makes total sense.","Don't waste your time on The Watcher, I just know that it shouldnt be The Watcher. It got so stupid. The last 3-4 episodes were so unbelievably dumb., I binged the watcher and didnt sleep. Soooo good, I loved the watched right up until the finale., Meet the team, Im loving the Watcher but Im only about halfway through. I know I should expect a disappointing ending, but for now Im enjoying it!

Midnight Club is a drag. Dark, depressing, boring, and not scary at all. Bummer because I loved Hill House and Bly Manor!

The 4th season of the sinner is fine. Didnt love it","If you liked Sex Education and Never Have I Ever, I think you might really enjoy Heartstopper. Also seconding Ted Lasso!, I like a lot of the same shows!  Here are some others that I enjoyed, that either had endings or are still ongoing: 

* On Prime: A League of Their Own, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
* On Roku (free online): Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist
* On HBO: Gordita Chronicles, Somebody Somewhere
* On Hulu: Being Erica, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency, Abbott Elementary

But also, here are some shows that were cancelled","Bobby Cannavale is fucking CRIMINALLY underutilized in this show. You don't book Cannavale to have him just be a fucking dope. That's Patrick Wilson's fucking job., The ending was dumb and it went in circles, Don't bother. I wasted the last 2 nights on this. Could have been good but nothing much happens. All a bit weird..., Its fucking horrible, If you like American Horror Story season 1 minus the supernatural part, you might like this., I REALLY wanted it to be good. Bobby Cannavale is fantastic, but overall I really didnt like the show at all.","I think providing some of your favorite Netflix shows would help illuminate what you like and also prevent people from suggesting shows youve already seen., Detectorists., Great British Bake-off 

You will be heartened. You will long for a handshake., Kims Convenience, the derry girls, Ted lasso, If you're open to outside of Netflix stuff, I recommend psych. 

If only Netflix, try you vs. wild. (Completely different than what you probably had in mind, but I think it's really fun because it's interactive.), Letterkenny Hulu check it out!, The Good Place.  Extremely well done","What kind of pizza do cannibals eat ?

Dahmernose, Detectorists., Great British Bake-off 

You will be heartened. You will long for a handshake., Kims Convenience, the derry girls, Ted lasso, If you're open to outside of Netflix stuff, I recommend psych. 

If only Netflix, try you vs. wild. (Completely different than what you probably had in mind, but I think it's really fun because it's interactive.), Letterkenny Hulu check it out!, The Good Place.  Extremely well done, lots of brilliant performances, 4 seasons worth of entertainment.  Ted Danson has never been better in anything.","The Tudors, most definitely., I'm sure you've watched it, but how about The Crown?

The Last Czar is also on Netflix - about 6 eps if I recall correctly., These are awesome:

White Queen
White princess
Spanish Princess, Scandal!! One of the best political themed shows ever!!, 
https://screenrant.com/netflix-the-empress-best-similar-tv-shows/

https://readysteadycut.com/2022/10/07/series-like-the-empress/, Kingdom set in feudal Korea is remarkably well written, especially above most zombie shows and movies","[COMMENT] worst title ever, Community!, Arrested Development, Re: Mind. It's technically horror, but the low budget and bad writing and/or translation pretty much turns it into a comedy. It's basically if the guys from Dumb and Dumber were several Japanese schoolgirls stuck in a Saw trap.",If youre thinking of cartoon I liked Infinity Train it was super good,"Tell Me Your Secrets

Behind Her Eyes

The Stranger

The OA

https://www.ranker.com/list/best-horror-shows-2022/molly-gander, Unfortunately it's paranormal but it's one of the best series I've seen - Haunting of the Hill House - by Mike Flanagan (Director of Midnight Mass). If you don't mind a couple jumpscares here and there. The story was great, acting was also very decent and there's this one episode about a funeral with some of the greatest camera work I've seen in a while. I strongly recommend., Aint that just the way., Simpsons Halloween specials?","Have you seen Dark? It's amazing. Maybe not exactly what you're looking for. It's nothing like the walking dead, but there's apocalypse, time travel, loops. It's just awesome. Very well written too., Train to Busan is a movie but really well done!, Its in Korean, but have you watched Kingdom?, If comedy is fine than Znation is pretty great, Black Summer, These Final Hours is a great apocalypse movie, The Terror fits the bill for journey into the unknown and has some supernatural elements as well., Book of Eli","Blacklist pre covid > after, I enjoy The Blacklist but I am somehow two seasons behind. Started watching season 8 and just couldn't get into it. I rewatched every season of HTGAWM as soon as it hit Netflix and watched the whole series over again. Both shows had a rough patch when they lost main characters., I say blacklist, bc I haven't seen HTGAWM. But scandal is good!, Not sure if the option unsure is a show or an actual unsure answer , Htgawm got so repetitive and all the issues were self caused which was even more annoying. Just my opinion, I know a lot of people like the show.","The Last Kingdom, Derry Girls is hilarious, Get shorty, Breaking bad and better call Saul, Kims Convenience, Black Mirror.  
Can watch any episode as they're not connected directly., Arcane, This isn't original but The Walking Dead is a really good watch up to a certain point if you haven't watched it already :), The Mole, Russian doll, Am I going crazy? Is this not the entire point of every post in this subreddit?","Also, marianne. Its French, Archive 81 despite the ending, You probably already watched supernatural but I'm never not gonna recommend. Best paranormal show to date imo. The Watcher just came out although it may be more about occult than paranormal., Not a Netflix show, but **Penny Dreadful** is the best supernatural horror show I've ever watched. Very high quality show., Penny Dreadful is the best horror show ever made and it is not even close imo. Top-tier performance by Eva Green., For true gore and weirdness: Brand New Cherry Flavor","Superstore., Party Down.

I believe its on Hulu or Prime (not Netflix). There was rumor that it was going to have a comeback, but Im not sure. The two seasons (or maybe three) are hilarious and have that Office-like cringe humor (but raunchy since it was a Showtime series)., Brooklyn 99, Superstore, Modern Family & Parks and Rec have a small, consistent cast (about the same size as the office) with a few side characters here and there. Humor is on par too., Happy Endings
Better Off Ted
The IT Crowd, Abbott elementary (on Hulu or HBO)","I agree with Dirty John. Also, Abducted in Plain Sight. Its a story so bizarre that it is hard to believe its true., Evil Genius

Night Stalker

Ted Bundy Tapes

The Innocent Man 

Sophie- Murder in Cork, Murder Among the Mormons is pretty good, the culprit is spectacularly evil., I Just Killed my Dad 

The Girl in the Picture 

American Murder: The family next door 

I also enjoy real true crime, and these were very good!!, Your Honor 
The Sinner (several seasons)
Dirty John, Unbelievable!, New season of unsolved mysteries comes out Oct 18, The Serpent","The whole series is a fictionalised account of a pretty mundane real life event. A couple bought a house, received some weird letters, didn't even move in and lost a ton of money.

HOWEVER, I recommend watching this show just to see Jennifer Coolidge's performance as the real estate agent and especially to hear how the talks about her ex husband. I laughed out loud., It does jump plots a lot to make you assume everyone is the watcher, but I found it hard to stop watching, so I liked it. There are some holes in the story that we may never get answers to though","The Witcher sounds similar., Haunting of Hill House season 1, Shadow and bone, I enjoyed it but it was not what I expected., I thought it was awful. I hate watched it and I dont even know why. I just really, really love Bobby Cannavale , I actually bought it was good. Finished it in 1 sitting haha, No. Starts out good and then ends terribly. Waste of my time lol, It was genuinely frustrating to watch. 

If you do decide to try it out for a few episodes and then feel compelled to continue in hopes it will get better, it doesn't. 

Even the end is unsatisfying.","the fall

gillian anderson is a police officer who tries to catch a creepy murderer/rapist (jamie dornan), Jessica Jones, The Killing. More of a mystery but the lead actress is so badass., The Chestnutman, Marcella","Im enjoying the show - especially trying to identify who I think is the mole. However I really do think that the mole could be doing a lot better. Considering they are there to sabotage missions etc, they really dont do much? Im guessing they have some fairly stringent conditions that the show has told them not to breach. There are some fairly obvious moves that could have been made that would have completely screwed the players","I was obsessed with this show when is aired back in the day but I know it hasnt aged well. If you like cheesy teen drama go for it!, It's one of my all time favorite shows.  Although, I did my first watch about 12 years ago.  The music is one of the best things about the show., It had its moments early on. The soundtrack was fantastic, and quite a few guest appearances by popular musicians of the day., Its about 4 seasons too long but worth a watch at least once, This show had such a grip on me when it aired. I still love it, my husband and I rewatched it like 2 months ago.","This is where love unconditionally towards your spouse comes in. Sometimes our happiness hinges on people we found along the way, that we care and love  

And that worth more anything in this entire world, Wait so his family still exists while he is 17? And he can interact with them? If he chose basketball is he basically dipping out of his families' life?, You might get more discussion on the movies sub. As someone not looking to be a parent","Kim's Convenience was excellent, My Name is Earl, Raising Hope, Scrubs, Life in Pieces., Schists creek, superstore, and if you have Apple TV Ted lasso, better off ted has a couple seasons and happy endings has like 3 both are great, Seinfeld. Arrested Development., Mindy Project, Schitts Creek, Cheers, Frasier, Roseanne., Superstore.  Was so much funnier than I expected.  New girl was very funny.  I also liked American housewife.  Cute, good enough sitcom., Rules of Engagement, Scrubs, New Girl! Hilarious and one of my comfort shows that I rewatch often., I know you are in a Netflix sub","Loved the early seasons. I deny the existence of the last season, Whenever that weird AI thing got introduced I stopped watching., The very first seasons were incredible. First 3-4 episodes it started so corny and lame and laughable and then out of no where became game of thrones meets the walking dead.

There were some really good seasons where insanely tough choices were made, people you never thought would be killed or characters who were innocent going straight savage. The wars and battles were really great as well.

It got weird for me around I think season 4 or 5?","Hereditary is horrifying., It Follows and IT chapter 1 are probably the two on Netflix that scared me the most. Non-Netflix shoutouts for Autopsy of Jane Doe and Descent., The Orphanage, https://www.pastemagazine.com/movies/best-horror-movies-on-netflix-streaming/, Alien, Alien, The Thing, Exorcist 3, Poltergeist., Last shift, the descent, and sinister are probably my favorites. First two are really slept on, I've watch a horror movie every night so far this month (RIP my psychological stability), and, without a doubt","I genuinely hated this show.  I got increasingly angry at every character as it went on.  The illogical decision making.  The immediate vindictiveness and lack of trust with their own family.  I wanted to throw the daughter off a building.  Dont watch it., I was hyped for this after reading an article about it and I thought the Dahmer series was well done","Just finished it.  It became a chore.

I spent most of it reading Reddit., Midnight Club was disappointing asf, I guess Im easily entertained then because I was hooked from the very start of first episode and binged its entirety. It was quite good I thought and Im hoping for another season soon, I thought Bly Manor was hella bland and predictable tbh 

Hill House was fantastic but I didnt love anything after. This post is not making me more excited to watch Midnight Club lol, I've been hesitant to even start it because of how much I loved the book as a teen.","Ginny and Georgia, Lucifer, Based off what you've seen...

Queens gambit

Orange is the new black

Love is blind, The 100. Watched it so many times and will watch it again. Umbrella academy is pretty good too. Vampire diaries,the originals, and legacies all go together and pretty awesome. Then you have outlander. Bridgerton. So many others but those are my top favs, Based on the shows you listed Id say you should check out these:

Sweet Tooth

Ozark

Outer Banks

Locke and Key

In The Dark

Shadow and Bone

Riverdale

The Watcher, Idk if youll like this","Oct 18, It looks like three new episodes per week for three weeks? I read an interview where they'll have three supernatural/paranormal episodes. I know some people hate those, but they were the scariest part of the original show to me lol, Any idea which cases might be on it?, I loved those! The Netflix series already feels different, but without the paranormal episodes, the show would feel like any other unsolved true crime show IMO, BETTY___sounds to me like u may be nervous of a case coming on that u may be involved in(just saying), Between the music and Robert Stack's voice","""Field rations are running dangerously low. Thusly, I've made the determination that, if need be, if faced with starvation, we will cook and eat Chaka."", Nobody talks about this movie but there are some really funny scenes. Danny mc bride is hilarious, GOD I hope I get it! I hope I GET it!, It wouldn't be an easy thing to do, but if you slow roast the little guy, I'm sure that Chaka meat would just fall right off the bone., Just watched this the other day. Great movie!","""Field rations are running dangerously low. Thusly, I've made the determination that, if need be, if faced with starvation, we will cook and eat Chaka."", Nobody talks about this movie but there are some really funny scenes. Danny mc bride is hilarious, GOD I hope I get it! I hope I GET it!, It wouldn't be an easy thing to do, but if you slow roast the little guy, I'm sure that Chaka meat would just fall right off the bone., Just watched this the other day. Great movie!","Derry girls is a funny comedy from ireland., The Watcher !! Such a good series, Why I feel like I don't have any answer to that, If you want a clear view of the leading series on Netflix please see this https://gitmind.com/app/doc/yqkf25ctek, Stranger Things for me. Someone on a podcast summed up my feelings on it: its not perfect","I think its on disney now? Or try vpn if it isn't in your country anymore search in others., Totally agree, BOOO. You're talking about watching 20 seasons of Dr. SEXY, Tshh probably. Whatever you see on a show, you'll start thinking that's what other people only sees too. Focus on other details next time too mah fren~, Stranger Things for me. Someone on a podcast summed up my feelings on it: its not perfect","Im binging it now cus Im sick and its bad but not bad enough to stop watching. Also its like its written so you can watch while scrolling on your phone - literally everything that happens is overexplained., Why is everyone wearing beige clothes, I remember reading about the story when it was pretty fresh, and I was really excited when I heard Netflix bought the rights. 

Unfortunately, I didnt like the final product, but like someone else said, even though it was garbage I couldnt stop watching. 

It was like Netflix bought the rights before they had a plan, so they got some writers and said","Some older movies that influenced Interstallar:

* 2001: A Space Odyssey and 2010: The Year We Make Contact
* Contact (not really space but the same vibe as Interstellar)
* Outland
* The Black Hole (Disney)
* Moon (2009)
* Gravity
* The Martian (Matt Damon as another stranded astronaut)

Shows

* The Expanse (Amazon Prime)
* Away (I thought this was terrible but it's undeniably in the same vein as Interstellar)
* Battlestar Galactica (no idea where this is streaming at the moment), Event horizon. 

More on the horror side of the space genre but damn it is so good.","I really liked season 1 and 2, there was a mystery to solve and they doled out details and reveals really well.  Season 3 didn't have the same feel., Season 4 is finally out on Netflix., Detective: ""There's a single, tangential witness that may possibly have a clue.""
Witness: ""Yes, of course I remember the blonde man on the 4th of July weekend five years ago and every interaction he had with several women in and outside the bar. Would you like my sworn testimony, despite it being outside of your jurisdiction, professional responsibilities, and mental wellbeing?""","Twin peaks, Not sure if its on there but Broadchurch, Mare of Eastown., Broadchurch, Mystic River, Under the Banner of Heaven on Hulu. Its based on a true story and extremely dark but a very good show, Sharp Objects on HBO, Broadchurch

Shetland, Happy Valley , Lots of good answers in this thread, but just wanted to add that Midnight Mass is a really good show, although not exactly a murder mystery. It does have the small community element (takes place on an island), but is more of a horror series. One of the best shows I've watched in a while","I got excited to suggest the movie Shop Around the Corner (1940) that the movie Youve Got Mail is based on, but Im pretty sure its not on Netflix.

Its a pretty good movie, if you find a place to watch it., When We First Met - Noah meets Avery at a Halloween party and falls in love but gets friend-zoned. 3 years later, she's engaged to someone else. Noah returns in a time machine to fix things., Serendipity. But Idk dont expect this to happen in real life. Take chances it might happen! Be positive and open, who knows what the world will show you., Try Lake House.","Try the other movies/shows from the ""Flanaverse"". Other works by Mike Flanagan are: The Haunting of Bly Manor (since you have seen Hill House already). Midnight Mass (more of a drama with horror elements). Midnight Club (His most recent offering. More YA style, still really good).  Geralds Game and Hush (Hush is more of a slasher and it's a favourite of mine)., Kingdom
Black Summer, Its not so much scary or even action packed but You on Netflix is a pretty damn good show. Its a thriller, pretty dark., THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY","The Good Place?, Altered Carbon, because the bodies are just suits they wear.  The real battle is between those that have wealth and power and those that dont., Our flag means death! Main plot arc is a gay love story, and there's a lot of great supporting characters., Reboot! On Hulu. Hilarious., For crime - Snowfall, The Chi, The Wire, Narcos, Mayans MC, Top Boy. 

Two other great shows that don't really fit in your genres are Atlanta and Abbott Elementary, but they're so good I'm gonna throw them at you anyway, Theres Under The Banner Of Heaven, it stars Andrew Garfield. Andd Normal People","I must admit I really liked the movie, if not for anything else then for the fact that Mila portrayed Ani in a way where I saw myself, trying to heal after sexual assault. 

I feel like the flashbacks being rough and uncoordinated describes exactly what its like when it happens. Its inconvenient, abrupt and exhausting. I also found that once I started dealing with the trauma, my understanding of myself came so far in a very short spand of time - didnt go much further without more professional help","Watchmen (HBO) was incredible. Extremely weird, but touches on the race/police violence issues we feel pretty strongly today. The soundtrack is also SO good. Trent Reznor (Nine Inch Nails)and Atticus Ross have won many Emmys for their music. I recommend this show to whoever will listen., Are you looking primary for action shows or other types?

For meaningful shows, the Korean show ""dear my friends"" and the one about the crime scene clean up would be good, Unbelievable

Wentworth

The Affair

Call the Midwife","Was it in Spanish?, If you watched it then - go pull your history from Netflix., yes but it had english translate of course, I usually go for older or foreign shows tbh. If you're looking for more meaningful shows, it doesn't hurt to go for stuff you'd usually not watch if you're scrolling through these streaming sites., I'll give it a try this weekend, Anything is fine as long as it is interesting.., Thanks for the suggest, will check it out","Waiting is a comedy that has this at the end. The guy who snaps isnt the main character, nor does he do violence, but its a great snapping scene. 

I know it *used* to be on Netflix but Im not sure if it still is., Omg op! I think yer new favorite movie will be Law Abiding Citizen, Uhm . Falling down??, Office Space. Milton's not the main character, but he might as well be, I Dont Feel At Home In This World Anymore, God Bless America., Office Space

Falling Down, Me, Myself and Irene., Wanted Fight Club come to mind, Wanted

That scene with Chris Pratt and the keyboard is *chefs kiss*, drive","6th Sense, Calibre 
Enola Holmes, Behind her eyes - limited series, The Queens Gambit, I'd say *Hush* or *Crimson Peak*., I just watched unforgivable on Netflix it was pretty good, Prey on Hulu, midnight club!!, Dark (its a series though), Tombstone, Hold the Dark, The Alpinest and The Wrong Missy., Lou, Do yall have Amazon Prime?, MOVIES:

Unhinged

Guilty

House of Gucci

Goldfinch

Beautiful Boy

Words on Bathroom Wall

We Need to Talk About Kevin


SERIES:

Unbelievable

Dirty John

Maid

The Affair

Anatomy of a Scandal

Wentworth

The Affair

Anatomy of a Scandal

Wentworth","Subscribe to BritBox and AcornTV. I'm in the same(ish) boat and these two have been lifesavers., Never anything wrong with revisiting Jessica Fletcher in Cabot Cove., The Crown!, If she has Amazon, she may have already watched it, but Endeavor is a step up from Midsummer Murders.  Might be some profanity, and it has an overarching problem that continues for seasons, so that might be annoying, but each episode pretty much wraps up one mystery.

Endeavor is Morses first name, so it is a precursor to the old series Morse with John Thaw.","I couldn't get through more than half an hour. It's just scene after scene of her either being traumatized or reliving trauma. Ana de Armas does an incredible job, but it's really just a whole movie of awful trauma porn., Meh.  The 2001 miniseries is way better, Really bad reviews. I think i'll trust them and just pass on this since I really don't care all that much about the subject matter., Terrible. Worst thing ive watched in a long time, Im finding it a difficult watch tbh, only half way through it so far, Only murders in the building, Golden Girls is always good.","Deep impact, I am legend, The Road (This one is more post-apocalyptic) very good though, 28 days later isnt on here. Id say that qualifies, I think These Final Hours is still on Netflix, wildly underrated apocalypse found family movie that was both terrifying and beautiful, The Wave, Snow piercer was pretty good.

And A quite place 1 & 2 were both fantastic., If you are indeed looking for disaster, you must capture the classics: Airport, Airport 75, Airport 78, The Towering Inferno, The Poseidon Adventure, Earthquake. These are the movies that tend to define the genre. Classics every one.","Schitts Creek., Trading Places., Brewster's millions.

Trading places (old movie with Eddie Murphy).

There are no reasons to watch anything else on the subject.  These 2 are masterpieces.  Although I haven't checked if on netflix., The Beverly Hillbillies, The queen's gambit, miniseries on netflix. It's brilliant., The Jerk, Peaky blinders , Breaking Bad, Wife Swap lol","They just sensationalised the subject. I think there are about 5 episodes and still they don't show you the conclusion.., I was actually fascinated by this documentary.   So many questions still not answered., It's a really creepy thing., It was a chilling and fascinating subject but the documentary itself is just soo poorly done., Im not sure I care about this family, Stupidest fucking family ever. Like omg what a bunch of simps, I haven't seen the series","Whats the first choice? Tropic Thunder? /s, The score was done by Bill Kreutzman and Micky Hart of the Grateful Dead., Since you love this film so much, you might be interested in watching the documentary","After life is a series but excellent with Ricky Gervais, Forgetting Sarah Marshall - surprisingly good, Under the Tuscan Sun, I want you back, Crazy, Stupid, Love, 500 days of summer, afterlife, Her, Swingers, Wild. And its based on a true story. The book is excellent too., Forgetting Sarah Marshal - classic comedy from that early 2010s era. Helped me through a breakup a couple of year ago., Manchester by the Sea but be warned, it's bleak., Along Came Polly","samurai champloo or cowboy bebop, Hunter x Hunter is always what I recommend for a first anime, Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood. It's definitely not as lighthearted as Avatar and is geared more towards adults, but it's an interesting story well told., Not on netflix but Death Note is the first anime Ive watched and it got me hooked.","Dark is gonna be top of any list, but youve probably seen it

Triangle is good (movie), 
Fringe, 
Another Earth (movie), 
ARQ, dark ticks every box in the title. highly recommend.
also recommend:
- russian doll
- The OA
- tales from the loop
- travellers 
- katla 
- maniac., 12 Monkeys. Specifically the tv show, Coherence. Its a movie and its one of the best in this genre that Ive ever seen., Predestination, Timecrimes. A spanish speaking movie that I really liked when I saw it. It used to be on Netflix, but I looked it up and its on other free services now.","The best part is that after seeing the movie for the second time I realized how it played a trick on me. At some points the obvious was right in front of my face but I didnt see it. (just like a magic trick). Really nice how that did that. makes it the best movie ever., *Illusions,* Michael. Tricks are what whores do for money., Brilliant movie. Fantastic cast, and so many twists and turns that it can't possibly make sense at the end, but it does.  , One of the most rewatchable movies , Simple, maybe... but not easy.

My favorite line from this movie. I use it all the time. ","Is there director's commentary on this one?, My friends and I have a joke where we talk about George Ford as if he is one of our favorite directors.

But also DID YOU KNOW He spent a year and a half and $35k on his quest to film the perfect fire?? Dedication. [source](http://tdn.com/news/local/talking-business-longview-man-s-fireplace-video-is-all-the/article_0f6ec4ba-7120-11e3-8492-0019bb2963f4.html) , It's a shame Netflicks doesn't give watchers the SPECIAL FEATURES so we can peek behind the camera at Ford's process. Kids don't appreciate the hard work that goes into the stories anymore. ","""I am not okay with this"" is a hilarious example of a Netflix cancellation. Cancelled after one season, and entire season is just build up with no pay off., The primary issue is that Netflix is cancelling shows before they have an opportunity to give a satisfying resolution. I feel they need to start putting more funding into miniseries or anthology series if this is what they're going to keep doing., Loved Mindhunter but there is still no news about release of next season but yeah they keep on bringing that stupid kissing booth!!","He's so good in the netflix film The Devil All The Time!!!, shhh, Beltik might show up, Yeah hes really good. He was amazing in Buster Scruggs, holy shit had no idea it was him in Queens Gambit, HOW did I not make the connection that he was in The Queen's Gambit?! He was fantastic., Very talented dude, but Daniel Radcliffe makes some pretty interesting choices too., [deleted], Someone made the joke that in QG if they had kids their eyes would be perfectly aligned lmao, Robert pattinson tho! Melling is great tho","Ah man I actually got to see this in theaters at a small indie theater near me. I liked it so much that I went to Norway in my honeymoon just to see the landscapes. I ended up only being in Oslo and Bergen, which are very urban, but it was still great., This movie was so fucking good, ### **[Trolljegeren (2010)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Trolljegeren+%282010%29)**

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; a.k.a. **Trollhunter (2010)**

Drama, Fantasy, Horror [[USA:PG-13](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Picture_Association_of_America_film_rating_system#Ratings), 1 h 43 min]  
Otto Jespersen","It's my theory that Netflix uses autoplay to pressure you to make a decision., Youd need millions of people to protest. Not the few thousand subscribed to this sub or the hundreds (or fewer) who will actually read it., Yeah there are times i'm actually interested in watching something but I keep scrolling just to stop the stupid preview. Now I think that might actually be part of their strategy to get you to look at more titles., I agree, it should be optional. I want to browse in peace.

Edit: read your post after I said this. Your proposal is a bit extreme.","The title is just Cube for anyone like myself that had trouble searching. , Fun fact: all of the characters are named after prisons!, in case you are in the comment section and on the fence.. yes, the cube is a super bad ass movie.  check it out, ~~The~~ Cube, This is actually a really good movie. The sequels are slightly less great, but they actually get more in depth as to what might be going on. I suggest not stopping with the first., It's a great movie.  Its from when SciFi was showing actual good sci fi movies.  Highly recommended., The acting is terrible tho","MYATT DAAMEN, I guess I'll watch it all by myself as I'm so ronery, I think im going to load it up on every netflix enabled device i have right now, kim jong un can't handle a joke as well as his dad can. , I love this movie and I quote it constantly. But I'm unable to watch it in one sitting. , Now you see, the changing of the worrd is inevitabre!, Have you ever seen a man eat his own head?, Surprise cockfags!, AIDS AIDS AIDS!, There is a marionette sex scene. Worth it just for that., ""In an ideal future, we solve problems and dispose of dangerous people with words","ROGUE ONE IS ON NETFLIX???  WHY DID NETFLIX NOT TELL ME OF THIS??, thanks to /r/netflixbestof for bringing this little known indie gem to light, Rogue One is a fun movie that works well as a companion piece to the original Star Wars (A New Hope). I would be curious to hear the opinion of someone who has never seen any other Star Wars movie to see if they think it holds up. The best parts are references to the original. 

Edit: spelling, ### **[Rogue One (2016)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Rogue+One+%282016%29)**

Action, Adventure","First movie in a long time where I was genuinely creeped out by an actor, My favorite part of this movie was how jake Gyllenhaal used the internet to learn how to do shit. I know that's stupid, but I had just never seen anyone in a movie use the internet like that and I thought it was brilliant., Immaculately crafted film with an outstanding performance by Jake Gyllenhaal. He totally deserved the oscar for that film, at the very least a nod from the academy.","There used to be the ""not interested"" button. If I remember correctly, clicking that would keep it from showing back up in your recommendations., Remember when Netflix had ratings?  Those were good times., Continue watching list should allow remove and crap you would never watch should allow a hide option., I wish they did.  I really think it has no idea what I like.  Every time I happen to end up on someone else's profile, it shows me all this cool stuff I've never seen before.  So not only is it recommending stuff I don't care about, it's withholding stuff I might!   Worse","Futurama is my background noise sleeping pill, I don't think I'm ever going to fall asleep again., I don't want to live on this planet anymore , I mean, I only got through all of it twice, but that's a lot for me since I don't utilize my Netflix all that much. Honestly though, Futurama as constantly-accessible background noise was one of the largest draws of Netflix for me. If it doesn't come back, I'll probably end up canceling given how little I use it these days anyway... Super sad to hear.","The session 2 ender ""White Christmas""  is just wonderful storytelling. Don't worry, each episode is self contained (mostly) so you don't have to see the earlier episodes to understand. If you don't watch anything else, go watch this episode. , Seriously can't recommend this show enough. Each episode is a new experience. , Any other shows similar to this?, White Bear is still my favorite. That ending though. , Season 1 Episode 2 really fucked me up , Great show.

Seriously take some time and just check out a few random episodes that appeal to you.

Some are better than others","I genuinely loved this movie as one of my all time favorites. The dialog, acting, music, and sets make this an absolute classic. Apparently some people **hate** this movie. It's weird how polarizing it is. , ""Mort and Aloysius will have to sign X's cause only four of us can write."", ""The preacher says all my sins is warshed away, including that Piggly Wiggly I knocked over in Yazoo [City]. ""

, It's also loosely based on Homer's ""Odyssey;"" it even has a cyclops!, I'm a dapper dan man! , Awesome soundtrack too., Tim Blake Nelson is awesome in this. 
""Well, I'm with you fellers"", ""Damn","And they uploaded all 5 parts this time! last time this was on netflix they only had up to part 4 , Just finished this (for the third time) last night, by far one of my favorite anime series ever. Amazing story, terrific combat and a very satisfying finale. , Never really watched anime, is this a good one to start with?

EDIT: 18 days later people are still responding to me, what the fuck.

EDIT 2: for posterity, people were still replying to this post after 5 months. , Well, time for a re-watch , Do I have to watch the other Fullmetal Alchemist series before this one?","The cover of ""While my Guitar Gently Weeps"" from this movie was amazing.

Edit: https://youtu.be/8hUOKjy-9-o, One of my favorite movies last year., If you must blink, do so now., Sweeet! Quick turnaround on this one Netflix, well done! , Netflix says unavailable to stream for me. , Everyone talking about how their kids liked it, this movie nearly brought me to tears. Plus the animation was beautiful and creative. , We went and saw this at the dollar theater last year based on it's rating and the fact nothing else was out...such a great movie. ","Steve really shines in this movie. I love his abrasive, no bullshit attitude and watching him just get stone faced by people trying to sell him a line of bullshit and him just losing it is hilarious for some reason. He honestly looks like he's about to have a stroke through about half the movie. , IMO, the most impactful scene in this movie is when the two younger guys are celebrating closing a deal and Brad Pitt has to tell them to calm down because millions of people are about to lose their homes., ""I'm jacked, I'M JACKED TO THE TITS""","We live in a weird world., I always read it like the turrets from Portal , Is there a FF version of this?

Edit: How many upvotes do I need?, Is there a way to tell it to only click yes X times?  After two or three times I may not actually be there. 

, [deleted], Thank you so much for this. I usually stream a show when I'm coming and my hands are always dirty to have to click continue watching after every other episode. 

Edit: whoops, I meant cooking. Meh I'm leaving it. , I'd actually kinda like the ""Are you still watching?"" feature if it only asked once every 5-6 hours.","Whew wee officer, we've had ourselves a doozy of a day., And usual disclosure to not watch the trailer because it is the fucking worst kind of trailer. Shows everything, the premise is, how people die, in what order, and it's super long , Collllegggeeeee kidddssss! We have your frieeennnd., There's a lot of backlash on reddit because people say this movie is ""underrated"" and thats not entirely true. It comes up often in discussions and its almost universally praised by people who see it. 

If you haven't seen it, it's a great movie.  , Just don't watch the trailer. It spoils the whole movie. ","Okay, Lindsay, are you forgetting that I was a professional twice over an analyst and a therapist. The world's first analrapist., One of the most joke dense shows ever. Almost every line is funny in some way, and some often in two or three. 

, It's an illusion, Michael.  A trick is something a whore does for money, Look at banner, Michael!, I don't care for Gob, Where else can you get a winner like this?


""I'm afraid I prematurely shot my wad on what was supposed to be a dry run if you will, so I'm afraid I have something of a mess on my hands.""","Remember Sammy Jankis, Make sure you check out the movie Christopher Nolan made before Memento.  It's called **Following** and it's superb.  It's in black & white and is barely an hour long, if memory serves correct.  It used to be on Netflix, but I'm not seeing it listed there now, sadly.

You're better off knowing as little as possible. It would be too easy to spoil this movie by giving away too much... but here's enough to get you started.  It's about a guy in London who is seeking inspiration for writing a novel, so he picks out people who look interesting and he follows them","Somebody's gotta go back and get a shitload of dimes!, Such a great movie!  Very quotable and still stands up today., ""Almost lost a $400 hand cart!""

, Throw out your hands


Stick out your tush


Hands on your hips

Give 'em a push!


, I remember seeing this on AMC or some movie channel maybe 15 years ago. Cut to the scene around the campfire with all the guys eating beans and farting... Well, in the edited for TV version back then, they simply stood up and sat back down, with no sound accompanying the move. 

My father walked by when it happened, and just shook his head. ","As weird as it sounds, probably one of the most accurate book to movie adaptations. , Well the duck may swim on the lake, but my daddy owns the lake., I actually legally got my middle name changed to Yelnats because of this film/book, It's so hot Sam, but I feel so cold.

Kissin Kate is one of my all time favorite characters, Dig it up oh ohhh, dig it. , Stanley Yelnats., I'm tired of digging holes grandpa!, I'm not stupid, I know everyone thinks I am, I just don't like answering stupid questions. , ### **[Holes (2003)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Holes+%282003%29)**

Adventure, Comedy, Drama","I am one of the producers of this film! It's really encouraging to stumble on a post like this. I'm very glad people here enjoyed it. 
We produced the film in Canada for The Nature of Things with David Suzuki, so if you're in Canada you can view it here: http://www.cbc.ca/natureofthings/episodes/the-lion-in-your-living-room
We also created a few videos out of some of the footage that didn't make the final film which can be found on our youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLC1VZ76lyCuK25pWSIlnN7J73XNRZjwkR","This is one of my favorite movies of all time. It was advertised as a serious fantasy movie, but it has such great humor., I will watch this, just to see my platonic love ... Michelle Pfeiffer, HOW do you go wrong with Robert DeNiro as a pirate with a fetish for drag?, This is a fucking FANTASTIC movie. Seriously. Top ten material., Fantastic movie with everything you'll ever need:

1. Dare Devil except not blind.
2. Shakespeare loving air-pirate who also loves to sing and dance.
3. Great villain(s) that tip the typical good/bad on it's head.
4. Written by Neil Gaimon (the book)","Mama said alligators are so ornery cuz they got all them teeth and no tooth brush. , Gatorade!, FOOSBALL IS THE DEVIL, I like Vickie and she likes me too and she showed me her boobies and I liked them too! Love this movie., Captain insano shows no mercy, Oh no! We suck again!, Not that anyone cares, but I always remember the night I saw Waterboy at the theater. 

Brad Pitt was in town (his childhood hometown) for the premiere of Meet Joe Black, which was a big deal for Springfield","Ted: I have to watch Rose.

Veronica: I can wash Rose.

Ted: I said ""watch"" her, not ""wash"" her.

Veronica: Hmm. Even easier.

Ted: The fact that you thought I was going to go wash Rose right now makes me think you may not know that much about children.

Veronica: I know they need to be cleaned. ","I can't believe this is nearly 10 years old already., One of the most on-point movies I've ever seen. As bizarre as it is, nothing really catches that teenage vibe quite as much as this movie., I love how the cops are a 13 year old boy's interpretation of cops., No one's gotten a handjob in cargo shorts since Nam. , Why would you pick McLovin?

It was either that or Mohammed!, One of the few times I've ever laughed audibly in a theater. I'm more of a dry humor person, but I was 18 at the time and it just hit home. Also, the OG Emma Stone.

Enjoy fucking Jules!, Well Jules","[deleted], [deleted], I'm gonna tear up the fucking dance floor, check it out., Great film. Very disturbing though. , I usually just call this the sexy robot movie and everybody knows what Im referring to., One of the best sci-fi films of the decade. I went in expecting it to be good but predictable. And while many individual elements were predictable, the execution in direction, acting, framing, music","ONE PUUUUUNCH, OPM also features one of the better theme songs, if you ask me., Even if you're not into anime, this is worth a watch.  It's incredibly unique and really funny., If anyone likes this, I suggest also watching Mob Psycho 100. , OPM is literally exactly what I want from a superhero show. , [deleted], They added it?! Finally! , This is on Netflix now? Yes! Time for a rewatch!, ### **[""One Punch Man\: Wanpanman"" (2015)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?%22One+Punch+Man%3A+Wanpanman%22+%282015%29)**

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; a.k.a. **""One Punch Man"" (2015)**

Action, Animation, Comedy","2013? The hell kind of time warp am I in?, The Work Outing (season 2 episode 1) is the greatest tv episode of all time. , ...I'll just put this over here, with the rest of the fire..., 2013?  2006, The episode ""The Work Outing"" is, hands down, one of the funniest half-hours of television ever., Ah, well. Prepare to put mustard on those words, for you will soon be consuming them along with this slice of humble pie that comes direct from the oven of shame, set at gas mark egg on your face. I sort of forget what I was talking about., A fire? At a sea parks?, [deleted]","Strength through unity! Unity through faith!, Just came here to say if you liked the movie, give the source material a shot. One of the best books I've ever read. , Topical.

Have an upvote., People shouldn't be afraid of their government. Governments should be afraid of their people. 

 Alan Moore, V for Vendetta , [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9720 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/52328), ""With the help of a young woman""

More like with the burden of a young woman, ### **[V for Vendetta (2005)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?V+for+Vendetta+%282005%29)**

Action, Drama","Nice. I didn't know this was on Netflix. It's one of those movies that's just as fun the second watch, but for different reasons than the first unspoiled viewing., I got to watch this in 70mm at a cute theater in Somerville MA. The owner introduced the film and it even had an intro and intermission. It was probably one of my favorite moviegoing experiences to date., This was in 2015? Fuck., It's weird how quentin makes dialogue so engaging and entertaining , Amazing movie, Im not the kind of person that enjoys watching movies more than once. I could watch this movie again and again. ","My favorite Edgar Wright movie hands down and one of the few movies I consider to be perfect.

This movie is a perfect blend of action, comedy, spoof and actual heart. As much as I loved Baby Driver, it doesn't come nearly as close as Hot Fuzz. , A great big bushy beard!!

Danny Butterman is probably my favorite trilogy character of them all, as well. 

Such a great movie. It literally has everything in it. , If you haven't seen this yet you really need to... it's for the greater good, but ""accident"" implies there's nobody to blame., Crusty jugglers.","Never watch the sequel. Worst movie Ive ever seen. , Finally Patrick Swayze gets to show how much he loves children., great movie for our group of friends in high school who thought we were real intellectuals to discuss the meaning of into the wee hours of the night and come out still not understanding a thing!, Cult classic... I'm kind of surprised the directors cut is rated so much higher., Good movie to watch before Halloween. , Donnie: Why are you wearing that stupid bunny suit? 

Frank: Why are you wearing that stupid man suit? 
","I *think* last I saw, this is only on Netflix until the 16th, Spent just about every morning of Junior Year of college drinking coffee and watching this show to put me in a good headspace. The amount this show has taught me of the world is an incredible thing. Rest easy buddy. , [deleted], [deleted], What are some people's favorite episodes? , If you need someone to talk to","I loved how articulate the fox was., My favorite part was how well they portrayed emotions with the way they moved the ears. , I put off watching this for a long time because I thought that it was going to be too corny with all of the puns, but I watched it a couple of days ago and absolutely loved it. I'm probably going to watch it again in a couple of days. So clever and clearly written for adults but still maintains the cute factor for kids., I still want to know what happened to all the obligate carnivores., [deleted], There's a scene about 3/4 of the way through the movie","30 Rock is up there as one of my favorite shows of all time. Definitely worth a watch. , NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is my favorite sitcom. I watch it at least once a year. It can't leave Netflix! Can I binge it again in 2 weeks? Let's see, I ATE MY FATHER PIG!!!!!!, This show, and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, are the only shows I've watched 3x over. It's like comfort food on a stormy day. 

If you haven't seen it yet, it really is a funny, smart, and sometimes deep show. ","It's in Portuguese with English overdubbing. I think., >dystopian future 

>small minority live comfortably 

>young adults undergo a test

Sounds familiar., For millennial viewers: it's a combination of Divergent and Hunger Games.

For older viewers: it's a combination of Logan's-Run/The-Island and Cube.

For non-Portuguese speaking viewers: go with the Portuguese with English subtitles (select from the audio options just before you start a new episode).

Edit: apparently The Cube is really just Cube., My favorite part about this is the heavyhandedness ","[deleted], [Spoiler] The best part of the film is the very end when someone says ""what else is on"". All that work, all that artistry and effort, for a transitory bit of entertainment. We were told the people saw Truman as part of their family, but the second it was over they moved on., I absolutely love this movie. Wrote a sociology paper on it in college, dissected it from start to finish. Cant recommend it enough., Jim Careys best work in my opinion , In case I dont see you....good afternoon, good evening and good night!, The very first episode of Black Mirror.",">who drinks too much while simultaneously disappointing his father


Sounds exactly like my Thanksgiving., Some of the best action and stunts I have ever seen. This is the quintessential Jackie Chan., Some of the best fight choreography you'll ever see., When I was a kid my religious mother would not let me watch almost anything. Couldnt watch the simpsons. Couldnt watch Seinfeld or Friends or most PG-13 movies, but for some reason she was fine with any Jackie Chan movies. I mustve rented this one about 20 times, I think this is a follow-up on another movie. Either way it's a great watch.","Leonard Shelby: We all lie to ourselves to be happy. , You can watch it 10 times and find something new each time, I love this film because of the way it makes you feel while watching it. You know nothing at the start but slowly, slowly you build up a picture of what happened bit by bit. 

Then 2/3 of the way through what you thought you knew is slowly unravelled until you end up not knowing what to think until all is revealed right at the end.

 Great story-telling. , Remember Sammy Jankis , This is a great film, if nothing else for the novelty of its editing.

The movie is played backwards","I'd say that all the stories use dark ideas of technology as a basis. If you look at an unlit phone screen, I'm certain the name comes from that. , God, ""Be Right Back"" just tears me up so bad, watching it.  I lost my wife a few years back, and the first time I watched that episode I started crying so hard I had to stop it and come back to it later.  , You CANNOT recommend Black Mirror without a 1st episode disclaimer.  People should watch past the first., Entire history of you and White Bear are my favorite. Can't wait for season three. ",">Never go *full* retard.. dont buy that shit?  Ask Sean Penn - 2001 - I am Sam? Went full retard, went home empty handed.

Tropic Thunder is absolutely one of my favorite comedies..


>	Iall see yoo tahnight in mah head movies, honestly probably one of the most badass military intros to a movie - with the choppers, Suck my unit , This movie is truly amazing
Ending is kinda off for me but the comedy is so great, and the fake commercials at the beginning are just great
Oh and Tom Cruise does my favorite performance of his, ""Man","Microprocessors... I dont know what they are, you dont know what they are, who gives a fuck., Who the fuck am I? I'm the guy that tells you there is guys you can hit and guys you cant hit. While he isnt quite a guy you cant hit. Im gonna make a ruling now and say you dont fucking hit him., Some of the best dialogue in this movie at least in my opinion. , You opened up shop in an Irish neighbahood these are dirty dirty ppl Idk what yah gonna do sell potatoes or something. , ARE YOU A CAHHP?, *Cui bono*? *Cui* gives a shit? Its got a fuckin bow on it., Cranberry juice? What is it, your period?","Do it to it Lars!

I love this movie. Watched it when it came on Netflix and didn't break Nostalgia. I also think Ben Stiller is an excellent villain, especially in comedies. You can really see some similarities between this character and his role in Dodgeball., I'm feeling skinny, Tony!!, This is a better movie than you might expect and better than it has a right to be. The characters are corny and stereotypical, but Ben Stiller as the ramrod drill instructor ""new guy"" is a real treat to watch., All you need is Mother Earth, father sky, and your dear old uncle tony","The zombies are so FAST!, Great film all the way through. I held my breath through so many scenes!, On a side note: Another Korean great movie is ""The Host"" - freakin awesome. , Busan was the last free city at some point during the war. Many people fleeing the war staked their lives on the train to Busan. 

Not saying this movie is directly related to the war, but I think for the Korean audience the whole fleeing on a train to Busan thing has some emotional significance., if ya havent seen this one, be sure to check it out.  shits awesome","An uzi?! I don't want to shoot 20 black 10-year-olds in a drive by!, I skipped this film when it came out because I've never been much on Colin Ferrel. Turned it on on a whim and found out. Its a nearly perfect film. 

Baroque. Darkly hilarious. Beautiful then grotesque. Laugh out loud dialogue then gut wrenching drama. Brenden and Colin murder their roles with some of the best on screen chemistry I've ever seen. 

Ralph Feines shows up and pushes it all over the top with my favorite performance of his ever. 
","Is this the one with sea iguanas? Because that's the coolest scariest thing I've ever seen in my life: a baby sea iguana running from 1 trillion snakes, sometimes getting caught and then sometimes escaping. , Wish it was more than 6 episodes....I could watch this show 50 times over!, The whole show belongs in /r/NatureIsFuckingLit , My biggest gripe with this sequel is tha.t they completely gloss over what happened to the first planet earth. Not once is it mentioned how the world ended or how such a similar world lush with life came to be., I loved the city episode. First off","""The"" fight scene in this movie is one take. I've watched it a dozen times and I'm still amazed by it. , Seriously, if you're a fan of the thriller/horror genre or just want a good mind fuck in general and haven't seen this still, sit down and watch it now., How's life in a bigger prison, Oh Dae-Su?, Tl;dr - One man's descent into hell.

Amazing film with a unique story. I was emotionally drained after my first viewing., Okay but this movie will probably fuck you up a bit, Great date night movie. ","""You retract that part about my cunt fucking kids!"", ""I grew up in Dublin. I love Dublin. If I'd grown up in a farm, and was retarded, Bruges might impress me, but I didn't, so it doesn't."", great movie, Voldemort, Grindelwald/Graves, and Mad-Eye Moody/Crouch walk into a pub..., [removed], You guys are weird.. wanna do some coke?, ""THAT'S FOR JOHN LENNON! YOU YANKEE FUCKIN' CUNT!"", This might be my favorite movie of all time.  Amazing performances from Colin Ferrel, Brendan Gleeson, and Ralph Fiennes.  Hilarious","[deleted], The movie started with a strong premise. By the end it degenerated into a routine shoot-em-up. , [deleted], This is one of those movies that has a neat concept and some really good scenes, but so much of the movie is completely unbelievable that it ruins anything it had going for it. Police state perfected by robots? Shit why not, I can buy it. Guy in RnD who wants to create an AI? Sure why not. Creates AI? I suppose, why not, it's a movie. Dickhead in the security wants bigger toys","If the mods want to actually do something about this, they should add this text to /r/NetflixBestOf/w/config/automoderator


    ---
    # Remove direct links to player.
    type: submission
    url (includes, regex): [""/watch/""]
    action: remove
    comment:| 
      Hi! It looks like you've posted a link directly to the video player, instead of to the description page of that video. As such, we've removed this link. Please do re-submit it, but make sure you link to the description of the video instead.

      I am a bot","Also - the version on Netflix is a recent high resolution remaster. I've been watching this movie for 25 years (not continuously), and it's never looked anything like that. 
   
It's amazing what they can do with 35mm film these days. , Let's not bicker and argue over who killed who., How do you know he's a king?

'asn't got shit all oer'im, I cant figure out how to turn off these Swedish subtitles., Well, I didnt vote for you!, ITT: Me up voting every single quote and not even caring. , On second thought lets not go to Camelot. Tis a silly place, Tis but a scratch ","This is such an awesome movie, with an exceptional soundtrack. My kids have been randomly humming the theme since age 5 or so. , Yes yes yes. Robert De Niro as gay pirate, need I say more, In this movie: Charlie Cox (pre-Daredevil), Mark Strong (pre-Kingsmen), Henry Cavill (pre-Superman), Claire Danes (pre-Homeland), and Ben Barnes (pre-Westworld/Punisher)

Not to mention Robert Deniro, Michelle Pfeifer, Ricky Gervais, Sienna Miller, and Ian McKellan (as the narrator)., This is reposted every month, but I'm okay with it, because this movie is amazing and everyone should watch it.","Ill never forget the time I turned this on during a random weekday in college with my roommates, the kinda chill with movie in the background type of night... 30 mins into it we were all in awe, probably a top 5 documentary for me. , If you want a laugh then you can watch the parody of it brought to you by Fred Armisen and Bill Hader in ""Juan likes Rice and Chicken"" from their show Documentary Now Season 2 episode 2., Interesting movie, however it makes it pretty clear that becoming a sushi chef is a brutal, incredibly slow","I watched this a few months after my mother passed away unexpectedly from a massive stroke near her brain stem.

I saw this and cried so hard.  It illustrates death and life so beautifully and I'm SO thankful for the creators of this movie for making something so wonderful., This is a beautiful movie, visually and emotionally., If you are prone to movies making you cry then you should have some Kleenex handing when watching this show.  , Is this this part of that Disney deal that was ended or is it separate?, As a Mexican","Reason I became a Scientologist. Currently I am shaman-viper Lord rank., After reading these and other reviews, I feel like I have to check it out to see how bad it really is.  

But what if I like it?  Will I become a scientologist?, Ahh yes the amazing prequel to 10000 BC, How to describe this Timeless Epic Masterpiece.... Its almost like ten thousand Nuclear warheads exploding inside of a Volcano eons ago sending enough ripples in spacetime to embed us all with past life trauma., As much as people hate this movie, it's my favorite terrible movie to watch, will watch with no shame","Good lord Netflix has a lot of money. Just casually dropping a big budget sequel after the Superbowl. , Definitely not best of lol, Holy fuck, they weren't joking when they said ""coming very soon"", Okay so isn't this subreddit dedicated to **quality** Netflix material? Not only was this posted before anyone could have watched it, it's literally not a very good movie. I saw the hype on here","When the dude who has been making eggs for 3 months cried, this is next level mastercraft stuff.  , Love watching this documentary. Bittersweet story in a lot of ways because of what his passion has done to his family, but true genius is hard to dilute or augment I suppose. , One of the best documentaries I've ever seen imo -- a great glimpse into Japanese culture, wonderful food, and an amazing level of dedication. Watch it and go for sushi! , I enjoyed the documentary now! Version of this when they used a cannon to blast a raw chicken up against the wall","Damn it Canada..., They succeeded at making Hugh Jackman look really old in this movie. I was surprised to see him looking much younger in a recent interview. Logan is a great movie, but I felt sad to see Professor X so old and vulnerable. , ., Absolutely loved this movie. Now I can cry while watching it in the comfort of my own home. , Best superhero movie imo, well other than Watchmen.  , I loved this movie. Especially how they really went into the gore. In the X Men movies, they couldnt go all-out because of the PG-13 rating","I didnt see this but already saw Infinity War. Is this worth a sit?, I thought this movie would be just another normal Marvel movie but its so hilarious and fun to watch. I love it , [deleted], This is not showing up on Netflix at all, and customer service says it is not available when I contacted them. Has anyone actually been able to watch this in the US? , I've always been lukewarm on Thor. Not just the MCU, but the comics, the cartoons, etc., I never put him on my teams in Marvel's Ultimate Alliance game. Then I watched this and my opinion on the MCU character, Chris Hemsworth as an actor","[deleted], [deleted], This also isn't called, BestUnknownNetflix.

  I saw someones post awhile back for Oh Brother, Where Art Thou. Which is a movie I have seen numerous times but did not realize it had recently been added to Netflix. I watched it that night.

  Also there are classics movies out there that I have never seen. Who is to say that someone's description or the eventual comments in the thread actually lead me to choosing to watch a movie and enjoying it., Let's get down to brass tax here. This sub exists because Netflix has shit UI. ","Man, this movie is fantastic. The entire movie is pretty much just Sam Rockwell with Kevin Spacey's voice for the computer every now and then. It's brilliant., Sam Rockwell is an actor that I really can see pull off any type of role but yet he is still criminally overlooked as an actor. He needs to be offered  more leading roles like in Moon. I was actually hoping he would've been picked for True Detective season 2., Good flick, but like most unique movies (Dale & Tucker vs Evil, Cabin in the Woods) stay away from trailers and IMDB discussions. Just watch it.","One of the best movies ever made in my mind. , This is one of those movies that's absolutely deserving of all the praise that gets heaped upon it. , The scene where Z makes the kids choose hand or foot is one of the most disturbing scenes I've ever seen. Those kids can fucking act. , *spoiler* the chicken survives., Easily one of my favorite films. The stylized montage sequences makes it feel like a Tarantino or Scorsese film. However","Its been a real doozy of a day! , These two have some of the best chemistry in a movie, I immediately became fans of both of them. Any other movies they've both been in?, Outstanding horror comedy. If you're a fan of horror movies this is a must-see. :) , If you're new to this movie and it hasn't been ~~spills~~ **spoiled** ^^^silly ^^^mobile... for you, don't watch the trailer. Do yourself a favor and just watch the movie., I watch this once or twice a year, and I laugh pretty much the whole time, excellent flick!, There we were minding our own business, just doing chores around the house","**movie based off fwd: fwd: re: fwd: email from grandma**
  

Before the class begins, you must get on your knees and worship Marx and accept that he was the most highly-evolved being the world has ever known, even greater than Jesus Christ!

At this moment, a brave, patriotic, pro-life Navy SEAL champion who had served 1500 tours of duty and understood the necessity of war and fully supported all military decision made by the United States stood up and held up a rock.

How old is this rock, pinhead?

The arrogant professor smirked quite Jewishly and smugly replied 4.6 billion years","[removed], There's not many films I can rewatch but this is definitely one of them, Fun Fact: This is one of the only films where the primary protagonist and antagonist never meet. Their entire story arcs begin an end without either even being fully aware how their counterpart is undoing their plans. But the story is so well done, you may not have noticed, not even after having seen the film many times., ""Anyone else want to negotiate"" is one of my favorite movie lines ever., I drew Ruby Rhod the other day.
https://i.imgur.com/12CbNtq.jpg","You ever fired your gun up in the air and gone ""ahhh""?, This is one of those films you can watch over and over again and not be bored.

Was filmed about 20 minutes or so from where I live as well., This movie is packed with jokes: verbal wit, running visual gags, pratfalls, absurd puns, witty edits, and so many planted jokes that pay off later., What's it like being stabbed.

It was the single most painful experience of my life. Any other questions. Yes. 

What was the second most painful experience of your life? , [deleted], Yarp.","The music throughout the series is great. 

Pleasantly surprised with this one. Definitely worth checking out. , It's quite the show. Well written, and the characters are sympathetic and relatable. Third season was a little weaker overall but had its moments for sure. Fantastic soundtrack all the way through., Loved the first two seasons, the third is a little hit and miss. I honestly think it's best left where it is., Calling it a 'British How I Met Your Mother' really undervalues the show. ","Two rules man. Stay away from my fuckin percocets, and do ya have any fuckin percocets man , I just rewatched this yesterday. This is easily one of my favorite movies & I'm looking forward to the sequel., Everyone here is going to tell you to watch this movie...

Listen to them., ""We're playing divorced guys!"", The percocets and gay porn hard lines are always brought up whenever this movie comes up but the one that got the biggest laugh out of me is right after Eva starts to cry in front of Doug and his first reaction is 'did you just watch Rudy?', DOUG! TAKE NUMBER 69! IT'LL BE HILARIOUS!","Thank you...wasn't aware that it's on Netflix. Highly recommend., Ellen Page's performance is amazing., So good!! Go in blind and cancel your afternoon plans. , Yeah this is a great movie for the whole family to cuddle up and watch around the holidays, [deleted], Treena Lahey all grown up.. , ""I fucking hate Goldfrapp"", Maaaaan, this movie is fucked up. In a good way. , I thought it was really good until the ending, where it completely destroys the ambiguity. Up until that point had me sympathizing with Patrick Wilson for the majority of the movie, as he continually denies every single claim.","Seriously one of the best action movies I've seen in a long time.  Does for guns what *The Matrix* did for hand-to-hand., [deleted], Why isn't this [US]???, I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. I initially assumed it would be a bland, one-man army revenge flick.  The universe that is created is fun, and the more unique style of gun fight scenes is pretty entertaining to watch.

Some dialogue/story points could have used more subtlety, but it's not a deal breaker. The movie is fun.","I'M SAILING, watch with some friends for sure, the best part about this movie is after watching it seeing who is type A (finds Bob harmless and endearing) or type B (wants to strangle the life out of him), This is Bill Murray at his finest. Can't recommend it enough to anyone that hasn't seen it. Hilarious!, Baby steps, click play.

Baby steps, watch movie., My husband's dad is a psychologist and this is one of his favorite movies. Is it horror? Is it comedy? Sometimes it's impossible to tell, One of my favorite movies, who *hasn't* wanted to follow their therapist when they go on vacation?","Get into the holiday spirit!, Which started over a viral infection!, Voil!In view, a humble vaudevillian veteran, cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of Fate. This visage, no mere veneer of vanity, is a vestige of thevox populi, now vacant, vanished. However, this valourous visitation of a bygone vexation stands vivified, and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition! The only verdict is vengeance; a vendetta held as a votive, not in vain","Jake Gyllenhaal lost 30 pounds for his role as Lou Bloom by eating mainly salad and running 10 miles every night during filming., If you like Nightcrawler, you have GOT to watch Shot In The Dark. Its about the actual guys who drive around L.A. all night to get the freshest, gnarliest accident scene photographs.

Its fascinating af., 1/2 through the movie me: damn, this is a lot of character development for an X-men movie, An absolute crime that Jake Gyllenhaal wasn't even nominated for Best Actor...this was one of the most unsettling characters I can remember.","[deleted], I saw this at the premiere. It's a good movie but it's *really* heavy for an animated movie. Think a much rawer version of Persepolis., I read a fascinating article on this phenomenon in the New York Times. Families with only daughters or just one son will dress their youngest girl as a boy. Then she can work, escort her mother/sisters in public and to the market. The girls had a few different opinions on what has happening: one wanted to get back her dresses and wearing jewelry with her sister while another relished the ability to run around, play soccer","Great source of cold-related puns, though., Mmmm bat nipples, [deleted], I saw this movie when I was 8 years old and *still* thought it sucked. 

For perspective, one year later I saw The Phantom Menace and thought it was a modern masterpiece.

*That's* how bad this movie is., This movie is actually very entertaining, albeit for the same reason a trainwreck is entertaining. I'm amazed at how many ice puns they could fit into the script! It's like Arnie and Uma Thurman knew how bad it was and turned the overacting to 11. The whole movie is a bizarre",I use a Chrome Addon that shows the IMDb rating on the Netflix website. Works for nearly everything. Link:https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nenhancer/ijanohecbcpdgnpiabdfehfjgcapepbm?utm_source=chrome-app-launcher-info-dialog,"[deleted], Notorious for being Quentin Tarantinos all-time favorite movie. [Source](https://www.quora.com/Why-does-Quentin-Tarantino-rank-Battle-Royale-as-his-all-time-favorite-movie), The original hunger games
, [deleted], They should make video games based on this., If you can get access to a ""director's cut"" or ""extended version,"" I would recommend watching that if it's available to you., I now understand the mystery of Keiko's last smile., When i was stationed in Japan","This movie fucking rocks.  That is all., One of my favourite things about the movie is the Peter Parker who gets stuck in a rut (from the alternative universe). His character, story, arc and redemption is perfect.

They manage to make him a bit of a slob but retaining all the attributes of what made him Spider-man. And in the course of the story, discovers himself and what he truly wants. That story hit home like crazy., I bought this last week. Enjoyed it throughly.","If you enjoy the Mallory Archer character from Archer, you can witness a precursor to that character in Jessica Walter's brilliant performance as Lucille Bluth.

Also, ""there's always money in the banana stand."" 

Enjoy! , This is honestly one of the few absolute must watches on Netflix. I've watched it through 3 times and theres still hidden gems and dialogue that I've missed. , Gob (George Oscar Bluth) Bluth is a poke at Jeb (John Ellis Bush) Bush., Simply one of the best written comedies ever. So many overt jokes hiding tons and tons of subtle ones. , Bees?!, Yeah","""When life gives you lemons, just say 'Fuck the lemons,' and bail.""

So many great quotes from this movie. , I love this movie. Whenever I do something that irritates me, I always hear the beginning chords to [Peter you suck](https://youtu.be/pB_1t-Vn6Vs) and start singing it to myself and laugh. 

Fun fact: Jason Segel wrote this movie apparently about his relationship with, and breakup with Linda Cardellini. , The best musical ever. , I wish I wasnt wearing this fucking shirt.","I knew nothing about this movie going in. It's fucked up and hilarious. Will be watching it again., Yea I think you got it, trailer:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dc_wqGyXCs8&vl=en, In addition to everything else (great cast, hilarious dialogue, amusing story), The Little Hours has the most hilarious merkins ever used in a motion picture., I gave up trying to post here long ago. SO many USELESS, STUPID RULES., LMAO I upvoted just for your title. Looking forward to checking out this movie too!! , Just finished this based on the upvotes... was disappointed. The star power is there","No spoilers, but I really like that long one-take scene towards the end of the movie, felt like a video game almost., This movie is one of those films you'll never really forget about, one of the best. Give it a watch if you're looking for something worthwhile., Truly one of my all time favorites. From the story to the setting to the cinematography, a definite watch or rewatch. , I loved the detail they put into London, like the London 2012 t shirt and the shard tower being put into the skyline. None of which had happened yet as it was made in 2006.","That movie has one thing you'll never have

A great big bushy beard!, No luck catching them swans then?, The greater good, I have seen this movie dozens of times.  It never gets old and I still notice new things when I watch it.  Absolute all-time great.

*You're off the fucking* ***CHAIN!***, ""Patrick Swayze has just robbed this bank, and Keanu Reeves is chasin' him through peoples' gardens, and then he goes to shoot Swayze but he can't because he loves himsomuch and he's firin' his gun up in the air and he's like 'ahhh!'"", [The Andys are the best](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/fSZWD)","So good. It can be pretty disturbing at times, of course, Amazing show, so angry it's been put on hiatus., The first season was one of the best pieces of television Ive ever seen. 

Second season still good but man was Season 1 something else., Easily one of the best shows on Netflix., I was an extra in episodes seven and nine of season two and I have to say working with that cast and crew was one of the absolute most enjoyable experiences of my life. I was so happy when I finally got to watch it and found it to be genuinely good television","This is Eddie Murphy at his best. Go watch the movie if you haven't already, it's hilarious., Let's hear for my band, Sexual Chocolate., [deleted], His mamma call him clay, Ima call him clay. 

Great callback to trading places too. , Just let ya *souulll glooo*, Someone edited 'Coming to America' audio of James Earl Jones into 'Star Wars' and it's brilliant: https://youtu.be/DXze55Z2GuY, One of my all-time favourites. I could watch it a million times and it would still be funny., Keep your eyes out for Cuba Gooding JR., SHE'S YOOOO QUEEEEEEEEEEN TO BEEEEEEEEE","Very fun and funny movie. Tony Shelhoub owns as always, Sam Rockwell doesn't need to be sold, Tim Allen was born to play this role and Missi Pyle is inexplicably hot as an alien that can only communicate in bizarre screams. , They're not ALL historical documents. Surely you don't believe Gilligan's Island is..., > I know! You construct a weapon. Look around, can you form some sort of rudimentary lathe?

Easter egg: Watch for the two overdubs they did late in production to make the movie PG rather than PG-13.  Both are pretty obvious if you are watching for it.","Upvoted for title only., You're telling me my favorite game of all time is actually based on a movie? How come I only just found out about this????????, I chuckled, See the elite soldiers that fight with walkie-talkies!, [Play the glorious game online](http://www.virtualatari.org/soft.php?soft=ET_Fixed) you're welcome, [deleted], The movie that inspired the game that inspired the documentary about the game. , E.T. came out when I was a kid. In terms of hype and excitement, it was our version of the Harry Potter movies, and *everyone* saw it (well, I didn't for a year or so, actually","I was honestly very surprised how good this movie was. , Don't watch the trailer. Just jump into it. It's one fun movie. , Everything about this movie sounds campy and cheesy. But I'll be damned if it isn't one of the most fun, genuinely engrossing movies I've seen in recent years. , And they are making a sequel....sweet. , This movie has one of my favorite endings in any movie ever. It's just dead on perfect. Gives me chills., Woah... A Canadian Netflix post. I wish there were more., This is one of those instances where the movie was better than the book., But who is Tom Row?","I'm loving the hype around it now that it's on Netflix. I knew of it of course but didnt think it would be good despite my classmates talking about. Seriously can't believe I missed out on this show during my childhood lol I would have loved it as much as I do now as an adult, Don't  stop early because it feels like a kid show.  I won't  say ""slow burn"" but it does take a bit to establish the adult nature. It's worth it. This is not a dis., I remember when they were still making new episodes back when it was still ongoing. The anticipation was real with how each episode would end.","I use an app called Just Watch that sort of does this. I don't think it will show you a ranked list, but it will let you filter & search by imdb/RT scores along with lots of other things, and covers basically every streaming service. Very handy for finding suggestions., Instantwatcher.com is what I use to find Netflix stuff., Already exists in multiple forns, [Flixboss](https://flixboss.com/) and [Flickmetrix](https://flickmetrix.com/) already do this, and Flickmetrix lets you search amazon and hulu as well I think., [deleted]","Truly deserves multiple viewings. Such a fun movie., Well, Martin Freeman and Bill Nighy are in it but they dont headline. Timothy Dalton and Jim Broadbent are the stars A GREAT BIG BUSHY BEARD!!, ""Have you ever fired your gun into the air and gone 'aaaah'?""

""*No*, I've never fired my gun into the air and gone 'aaah'!"", [Yarp](https://i.imgur.com/gsjHOJ4.gifv), I watch this at least twice a year. perhaps the perfect action comedy., Crusty jugglers... , For me an overlooked character in the film has always been Bill Bailey (the second set of twins living and working in Stanford)","
**Mark Baum:** I don't get it. Why are they confessing?

**Danny Moses:** They're not confessing.

**Porter Collins:** They're bragging. , Holy crap Netflix is killing it with the new additions this summer! The Big Short and Spotlight? This is awesome ","I'd recommend this as a watch. That's all I have to say. Don't spoil it for yourself. Just watch it. , This has been posted here a lot lately, and I watched it when I first saw it posted ~3 months ago. My thoughts (from the second time I saw it posted)--I didn't read anything about it and was pretty pumped as the reviews and general vibe reminded me of Coherence. In the end I thought it was pretty boring and a little predictable. Strong performance from the lead actor and not a bad film, but it seems overrated to me.","Every path is the right path. Everything could've been anything else. And it would have just as much meaning. , [removed], Like a lot of people, I watched this movie at just the right time in my life that it made a huge impact in how I saw the world. 

With that being said, I almost never recommend it to anyone because you really do have to be in the right mindset to watch it. It can be pretentious if you aren't aware of it's absurdity, especially at the beginning and end.

There's a couple great stories in there somewhere and it's always good for a rewatch.","If you like arrested development you will like this. Its the same mom. Like literally. , Do you want me to pirate your show? Because this is how you get me to pirate your show., I have to have watched Archer all the way through 10+ times. Very sad it is going away. , I know this is a fairly well-known show, but if you haven't seen it already you really should! The pilot's a little heavy on the Oedipus complex, but it eases way off of it after that. This is one of my favorite shows and I'll have to find something new to watch when I'm drunk in a month's time :(, You took it off! God damn you","Paul Bettany's character is hilarious in this movie., Not to mention great performances by Alan Tudyk, Laura Fraser and Rufus Sewell!
A Brilliant Film!, Paul Betanny doesnt get enough praise, He's blond! He's pissed! He'll see you in the lists!, [removed], Definitely a favorite movie. It's one of those where it will be on cable on the weekend and you stop to watch., Well the Pope may be French, but Jesus was English!, There's no reason all the elements they threw into this movie should work together, but somehow...they do., dont forget, the soundtrack also knocks","As long as we do something like [HULU] [DSN+] etc I don't see an issue., As long as there are tags for streaming service and region, its a go for me., No one pays attention to ""Netflix only"" so why not., Yes. Most of the content floats around so limiting the discussion is pretty arbitrary., I support the change., My first reaction was that this was good since regional licensing (and people that just don't care about the rules) already means I can't view everything recommended here on Netflix.

Thinking about it more, I'm not sure. Everything streams somewhere on something","Your dad and I support the jobs the comet will bring, The poster from one of the anti-comet people that dont want to look up made me laugh at the realness and absurdity of it - my eyes, my choice, Its a movie thats overwhelming with that reminds me of.. moments. 

Mark Rylance was fantastic as the Musk/Bezos/Zuckerberg/Jobs character.","Ill never forget the scene of Dylan having an existential crisis at the party when he realizes most people just think hes a dumbass, Starts out funny and continues to be funny.. but actually has a great Who done it plot., Jimmy Tatro is the funniest fake douchebag Ive ever seen, and then by the end youre dying to see who did it","I'm actually kind of relieved they never made a sequel to this because man, this was lightning in a bottle. Killer performances across the board. A mediocre sequel really would have been a bummer., I work in a cesspool.  Sex, more sex.  My wife, she used to say I make a living off rumpy-pumpy.  Whatever.  She was English.  I don't know what the fuck it means either.  
  
  
Edit:  Should've also mentioned Angourie Rice who is also fantastic in this as Holly., Ryan Gosling is just a grade A actor, Ive watched this like 10x. Cry laughing. Why didnt it get hyped harder?","I quite liked it although quite depressing, How many people will watch this and not understand that its about the climate crisis?, I honestly thought it was about Covid before common sense kicked in and realised it was actually about Climate Change.

Jennifer Lawrence and Leonardo DiCaprio were a joy to watch.","I enjoyed it.  Real life itself is a constant WTF for me, so movies like this are reassuring.  They let me know Im not the only one who thinks the whole world is nuts.  Dr. Strangelove is a classic in this genre., It's been a very long time since a movie made me feel anxious and uncomfortable. It hit way too close to reality. 

That being said, I didn't hate it, and it had a great cast., I thought it was darkly hilarious. I laughed the whole movie; mostly because it is probably how shit would really go down.

I didn't expect anything other than a dark satire, and I was happy with what I got.","Beyond the Aquila Rift from season 1 was such a brilliant episode that kinda stays with you. Hoping for more episodes of similar quality., Please bring back the weird shit from season one. I never knew wtf to expect. Will it be wholesome and funny? Will it be full of gore and gratuitous nudity? Who the hell knew? It was awesome! Season 2 seemed way more tamed., I still go back and watch the episode Sonnie's Edge every once in a while, Please be better than season two., If you liked love death robots. Give oat studios a watch. Its similar and very pimp.","I know I'm beating a dead horse here but if you're going to cancel a series with multiple seasons, the least you can do is give them a way to end it and not leave it cancelled on a cliffhanger., I wish theyd stop spending so much on past their prime stand up comics and huge multi film deals for established stars.

If you cant keep a show like Santa Clarita Diet alive because the cost naturally grows each season for every show, then you need to fire the idiots in suits that paid big splashy deals just to show traditional outlets how big and bad Netflix is.","This movie is both better and worse then you are imaging it is., Michael Cera <3, ""You're like a hipster.""  
  
""No? Not liking LA doesn't make me a hipster.""  
  
""I bet you hate movies that are universally loved.""  
  
""I don't even...""  
  
""You like Forrest Gump?""  
  
""No, no, it's a horrendous piece of shit.""  
  
Jay Baruchel is great as the outsider., The best part of this entire movie is David Krumholtz. Okay, Im gonna give you all of my weight. All of it.

Okay","Im watching it right now and it has torn at my heart strings. There is one part where a Ukrainian starts to cry at remembering how they were all fighting to their deaths to protect Ukraine. This came out in 2015. Think about that. Its just so fucking sad and unfair to these people who dont deserve this shit., [deleted], After a holiday in the Carpathian Mountains","I will see you there.. or I will see you at another time


Thats actually really confusing now Im not sure if youre coming or not, You need to see this [Paul Rudd/Jason Segel interview](https://youtu.be/I4ix1HSzpWE) if you haven't, Lmao I love this movie so much, You got it, Joben.  


You nicknamed me Pistol, and I just called you... ""Joben""... It means nothing... I don't... I'm drunk... I'm gonna call a cab., This movie, just delightful., Slappa da bass mon, For some reason if I watch this I also have to watch Forgetting Sarah Marshall and vice versa.","One of the funniest shows I have ever seen - very excited about s3., Posting this because Season 3 comes out tonight at midnight!, Season 3 was a perfect wrap up for the show. Truly fantastic from start to finish. I'm glad people who didn't catch it while it was airing in the UK will finally get to see it., EVERYTHING IS NOT WEE!, Amazing soundtrack as well, all 90s, Sister Michael is one of the best characters in television. I will die on this hill., Its sort of like a female led version of the inbetweeners 

Fun easy watch, And the wains accents are cracker! Catch yourself on!","brad pitt's character wasn't a rookie. he was new to the city, and morgan freeman's character insists that he's not seasoned enough for the john doe case, but part of his angst is because everyone is *treating* him like a rookie, Gold Standard of gritty serial killer movies., The all time classic Fincher film starring Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman is back on Netflix!, I give it Se7en out of 7! It doesnt stink!","I do not speak Japanese at all, and can sing along to every word of ""The Real Folk Blues."", As a rule, I'm a subs not dubs guy for foreign media, but I love the english dubbed voices of Spike and Jet so much, I can't do it with Bebop. Loved them as a kid tho, so there's that., As soon as I saw this on Netflix, I powered through it. There was a lot I had forgot about, but now I'm ready to be disappointed by the live action remake.","Go to the show and rate it as a thumbs down. I did this to about 5-10 shows in a genre I didn't care for (but the algorithm was pushing). 

It helped my recs., yesterday i watched Barbie Fairytopia:Mermaidia, Kiki's Delivery service, Captain Fantastic and 1917.

 In the end of all of them it recommended me Dahmer as the first suggestion. This algorithm is ridiculous., **Account > Profile and Parental Controls > Viewing Restrictions > Title Restrictions**.

Enter the titles of things you don't want to view. You don't have to remember the title perfectly","The show starts a little slow and has a couple too many long monologues, but holy shit it ended strong and I really enjoyed it.  It wasnt near as scary as Hill House but I might've enjoyed it just as much.

The actor that plays the preacher is insanely talented, his whole cadence and way of acting out his scenes was incredible and I really loved his character!, Loved it.  Better Stephen King show than most actual Stephen King shows.","Season 4 part 1 is out finally! Been waiting for this :)

I hope the second part doesn't take too long to drop also, It's a really fantastic show.  If you're a Breaking Bad fan you'll love Ozark!, Why nobody talks about how beautifully the show has been shot? The camerawork, the color temperatures, the tense tribal music in the background, the shots slowly zooming in on the characters, the frames are too darn perfect., I watched a few episodes and couldnt get into it., Ive been tearing through this show this week","I was not expecting it to be as good as it was. It's made it into my rotation or movies I'll watch every year over the holidays., When this came out is was the first original Christmas movie in a decade that I thought was genuinely great. Might still be the best of the last 10 or so years., Solid Christmas movie for all ages. [Link](https://www.netflix.com/watch/80183187) for the lazy. Enjoy!, Hands down one of my favorite Christmas movies. My boyfriend loved it too and he's not typically in to holiday themed movies.","Some of them were good but dont go expecting black mirror level episodes.., I can't remember exactly but the first 2 episodes were definitely the strongest. After that it kind of fell off. The animation was good but the storys and concepts really weren't as close to love death and robots as I'd hoped they would be, I would give anything for a full movie of Firebase to be made. The short is amazing., Great series. Really enjoyed., I liked this series a lot but you will be left with a feeling that none of these stories really ended the way we are wired to think stories should end.","This is actually a VERY good story, [deleted], Great documentary! I recommend it to anyone who is interested in PEDs in sports. Im glad its picking up traction again with the Olympics., title should say ""its the reason you are seeing ROC and not Russia"", Just saw mention of this on news and want to see it now, One of, if not the best documentaries Ive ever seen, ever made, even, I love this movie., Yeah but they changed to the ROC instead of Russia so it's all good., Just watched this recently. Thoroughly enjoyed it","Much has been commented already but one of the most important characters was Mark Rylance's portrayal of Peter Isherwell.

First, its clear that everyone, including the President  is beholden to him.  Know he is an amalgamation of Jobs, Brin, Page, Cook, Gates, Zuckerberg, Musk, Bezos, and the rest, but he, as the trillionaire, is the one calling the shots.

His performance is so both over the top and understated (with a bit of Marshall Applewhite thrown in) that I think he deserves special recognition from an extraordinary cast.","Such an amazing movie, thanks for the heads up that its there!, Such a great movie. Easy to watch, funny, good action. Ive been a fan since it first came out. Tucker and Chan are a great team lol, (1998) ...oh god I'm old, War! Huh, yeah! What is it good for??, Love the bloopers too., GFILTA FISH!, 50 million dollars!? Who do you think your kidnapping!? Chelsey Clinton!? Favorite quote lol, What's up my nigga?, Love Rush Hour! The 2 sequels are also on Netflix., This is one of the very few movies that I thoroughly enjoyed and still enjoy., Clyde","Cruise plays an amazing villain, my fav scene is the night club one, The scene when Cruise returns to the cab when the guys tried to rob Foxx... Wick before Wick was a thing, Amazing. One of Cruises best films (dude should have won an oscar for Born On The Fourth Of July). And the way that Mann shot LA was perfect., *yo , homie!*, Totally forgot about this movie.  Highly recommend!    One of the rare few that can keep your attention span from start to finish.  Not a dull moment in this film, and incredible performances by both Tom and Jamie!, Michael Mann and crime thrillers","This great Ridley Scott movie is back on Netflix., That soundtrack man. Engrained in my memory, ""The frost.  Sometimes it makes the blade stick."", In this life or the next, My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, Russell Crowe never looked this good again. My girlfriend and I loved this so much I transferred a picture of him from Gladiator onto a pillowcase for her birthday. Great movie and beautiful soundtrack., The worse seasoning for any movie is high expectations. I went into this one expecting A LOT and was still blown away. I was sweating balls and gripping the armrest until the end.","I've heard people say that Mike Flanagan projects tend to be slow and I can see what they'd say that but I personally *love* it. I LOVED Hill House, Bly Manor, and Midnight Mass and have rewatched them all, Yes I recommend, Character development and storytelling take time. It's worth it., I greatly enjoyed it, It was one of the best horror shows I've seen. Stick with it., I loved it.  There are tons of hidden things etc if you pay attention, Get to the end, its worth it. Watch all of Mike Flanagans stuff if you enjoyed it. I usually like whatever he puts out, it has a certain feel to it","Yes, definitely watch it. It takes about 5-7 episodes to get good though. In the beginning the main characters are not very likeable. 
For reference, my favorite comedies are: Community, the good place, parks and rec, schitt's creek, scrubs, and Kim's convenience., Yes, absolutely yes, I really liked it.  Moira is hilarious.  I cried at the finale., Schitts creek is THE BEST. I also do not like modern family

The first season is alright but it really starts to pick up in season 2, The first season is a bit touch and go","Great performancr by Hugo Weaving. Natalie portmann was also good, Remember remember the 5th of November, This is one of my go to films when there isnt anything else on to watch. I love Hugo Weaving in just about everything hes ever did, and this film to me showcases his acting skills well. Natalie Portman is not a fave, but, here she is a great opposition actor to Weaving. While not a direct interpretation in the vein of Sin City, there is plenty of the source material for fans of the graphic novel to be able to sink their teeth into. A solid 7.5 out of 10 for me....","I was heartbroken when they cancelled it. I've rewatched it three times and will again as long as Netflix keeps it on their service. Amazing show and I always find something I missed with each rewatch., With that ending in Season 2 then they cancelled?! Man.. I kept thinking about what would Season 3 be like, I thought it was ok, I was just upset say didnt follow up on one theory I heard.

Betty Allen had a brother Theo she mentioned several times but they never showed him. Theo A.=The OA

Figured there had to be something there","Thats quite the screenshot you got there., Keep in mind it is a YA movie, the sort of film where the bad guys don't die, they just explode into glitter, and there's a lot of fairly heavyhanded lessons about what it means to grow up.

That said, it's fun enough., Mediocre at best. I wouldn't say it's one of the better originals., This movie was extremely heavy-handed, and all the plot holes were conveniently explained away by science. Its forgettable at best.","I will never get bored of this movie., I have no idea why I saw this moving in theater.  I don't remember being impressed with the trailers, or knew anything about the director. But I'm very glad my friends and I went, it was such a fun, funny, and enjoyable movie.  I also very much enjoyed the sound track.  And man, this was a quotable movie!, Ya like dags?, I haven't watched this movie in 10 years but I've seen it so many times prior to that, I could still recite half the movie from memory., If you liked this movie, I highly recommend watching Lock, Stock","I really hate that this is ending.  But I'm glad they're ending it when the story is still good and not making it drag on into something we'd all hate.  It's been such a good show., Love this show. Season 1 was amazing. Season 2 kinda slow. Season 3 got *wild*. Season 4 is a bundle of anxiety. Not sure how it's gonna play out., I'm finishing this up now - the actors are great and it's well shot, but the narrative is a total soap opera lol. So many bits where the characters might as well say 'I'm only doing this to try and keep things interesting'.","I liked it so much, I watched the whole thing twice.  The Norwegian culture was so interesting to see., Far from possessing universal appeal, but I love this series., So sad it got cancelled after 3 seasons. I love this show., I really did try with this because Silvio was in it, it took me a long time before I linked the singing in this to Silvio, it then took me so long after that to get over the fact his name was Steven Van Zandt and he was Bruce Springsteens guitar player even before the sopranos, still blows my mind, he's Silvio from the sopranos to me., As far as tone","Hamish Linklater is the star of this show. What an exceedingly incredible and human performance., I absolutely loved it! What an excellent meditation on belief and life/death., I thought it was outstanding. Bev Keane was Delores Umbridge-level villain, just finished this the other day. i thought it was great. the performances were amazing.


felt a little like 30 days of night at the end but i think the ending fit the story.","I wish they would put all of their Netflix content in one area and not in with everything else! 
And somehow I wish they could show a 100% list of everything not just a rough search and their algorithm that shows me shows that are the same as the ones I watch! I want to see it all!, I agree with you on 5%, but reckon we all like a different 5%, so its cool., I wish I even liked 5% of the content on there. It's mostly an indecision or scrolling simulator. I don't watch it anymore but I haven't canceled because my parents watch stuff on it occasionally., [deleted]","And easily one of the best films out there!, RIP Ray and Paul, Watch Goodfellas as a double feature with My Blue Heaven, which is based on Henry Hills life in witness protection (where Goodfellas ends), but is a comedy starring Steve Martin, Rick Moranis, and Joan Cusack. 

http://americancinemathequecalendar.com/content/goodfellas-my-blue-heaven, Imma go get the paper get the paper., ""Do I amuse you?"", Youre not normal Hendry!, I hafta live the rest of my life like a schnook., ""As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster.""

Rewatching this classic!, Bing","I watched several episodes already. They're relatively short and entertaining. I'm actually quite amazed at what these little guys can do., This show convinced my 9 year old it was finally ok for her to walk (8 houses) to the corner store by herself., I enjoy looking out for all the not-very-inconspicuous camera people and producers with walkie-talkies sprinting around in the background to get the next shot., I've only seen the first one and it is so much better than it has any right to be. On the downside, my 7 year old is less independent and dependable than that 2.75 year old.","It is one of the best psychological drama i have ever seen so yes its definitely worth your time, Very very worth it, In my opinion it's the best show Netflix has put out and there's not even a close 2nd., It's great  Unfortunately there probably won't ever be a third season as David Fincher has got too many other projects on the go., Yes it is. HOWEVER,  it's not for everyone. It's slow and dark. If you are someone who doesn't care much about character development, if you get bored easily, and want the plot to move quickly, then this show isn't for you. It's one of the best, realistic","Really my only gripe is the makeup but you get over it. Emily Blunt doesn't get enough love for how terrific she is in this., Man, Paul Dano suffers one of the most disturbing and upsetting fates I have seen in a movie. 

That sequence will always stay with me, and it's honestly the only thing I remember about the movie, though I do  remember liking it overall back then., Rian Johnson and Joseph Gordon Levitt also did a neo-noir Brick, (its a little tropey, campy fun), Joseph Gordon-Levitt was hot property at the time, so they did what they could with the nose make-up","I watched this last night on a whim.  I cant believe how talented Andrew Garfield is.  I knew he could act, but wow.  I wish I saw him on Broadway now.  Tremendous performance., Fully agree with you! 

Even though I generally dont like musicals I would even dare to consider this (personally) as a solid top 10 watch in 2021!

Edit: on a second thought it even deserves a top 5 spot on my 2021 list., This one's definitely next on my list!, He was a total star in it!","Best movie adaption of a Stephen King. Right next to Shawshank., This is one of the rare movies that if you blunder into it while channel surfing you just put down the remote and watch it at my place. Right up there with The Shawshank Redemption and The Natural., ""I'm tired, boss."" Gets me every fucking time., Percy Wetmore dooo a dance, listen to him squishin' in his pants, Can someone give the spoiler, please? I read the book and saw the movie so long ago I dont remember it. Use the spoiler tag but what is the mysterious gift?  
  
Edit: Thanks!","There were two Graphic Novels that defined that era of comics: Watchmen and Dark Knight Returns.

Funnily, both graphic novels dealt with aging, retired super heroes.

Dark Knight Returns has a pretty awesome two part mini-series adaption but it's on HBO Max not Netflix., One of the best opening montages of a movie I can remember. That Bob Dylan song was so perfect., None of you seem to understand. I'm not locked in here with you. You're locked in here with me., The Zack Snyder film is leaving Netflix on March 31st, by the end of the day., Title from hell","Go for it you won't regret it., Absolutely. Its one of those shows that is so well made and so well acted that it almost makes you forget what your taste in television is at all., I watched it without knowing anything about chess and now i play it daily. It's one of my favorite shows on Netflix., Yes, as a male that likes everything you watch (minus the horror) I would recommend it, Highly recommended. The music, the costumes, the dialog are all great. The characters are all deeply flawed, and wonderfully depicted. Chess is the part that moves the story along, but it's really about redemption","My friend and I were watching this when we were kids. He had seen in and I had not. His parents pull in the driveway right before a sex scene is about to begin which I didnt know about and my friend grabs the remote, turns the volume to 100 and runs to his room. His parents come through the door as the guy is shouting whos the king during the scene in the hotel room., 1999 (and films shortly before and after) really highlighted this period of film where middle class, white, male angst was such a theme (either entirely or peripherally). There  was this weird sense of  being lost to consumerism","Im pretty sure Bill Paxton pulled this off in True Lies, Victim blaming is one of the ways con artists get away with their crimes. And this thread is all about it. How many of the people crowing about other's stupidity have actually met a con man? A lot of people have no idea they've even been conned., I cannot wrap my head around the students who went on the run with him for that long","When he pawns KGs ring in the first 5min of the movie I was just like wtf is wrong with you?!?, It is one of those films where, if you get through it you don't want to take on the stress to watch it again.

By that I mean that Adam Sandler did a phenomenal job of showing what someone in the absolute grips of gambling addiction might act like","This movie is so fucking weird and I love it, Utterly brilliant film. I'll take hiccups in pacing to have a film that SURPRISES me. As you get older films get more and more of variations on a theme. You can predict the plot pacing, rising action, ""twists"", etc

Sometimes a smack of absurdity is what it takes to do something different and fresh. Truly loved this film","For anyone curious about the pacing its structured like a very long movie. The set up takes like three or four episodes. The premise doesnt really hit for a couple more. Then the last couple episodes are an insane ride.

You have to be patient with this one and get invested in the characters. If you dont, youll be bored to death. If you can, the payoff is so good.

I was emotionally blown away by the storytelling, more so than Flanagans previous works. That boat scene fuck., Hamish Linklater is absolutely phenomenal in this.","Cow doy wash the dish wheel!, When I first turned it on I thought it as stupid then it got soooo stupid I had tears running down my face. I love these guys, GET OUT OF THE KILN, Cowdoy aint no lippy fuck!, Aunty Donna is fantastic.  They aren't 100% hits for me, they have several skits that just don't land for me, but oh my god.  The ones that do land?  They leave me in stitches for DAYS!  If you've never watched the Christmas Pud Sketch from their YouTube channel, I highly recommend it!  Absurdist humor at its finest!","The characterization was pretty inconsistent. I loved every scene but not the whole. I thought Amy Adams was amazing. She can play Disney Princess IRL. She can play self-destructive abuse survivor. She can play a right wing fanatic. So true to the part it actually shocked me out of the movie to reflect how good she was so maybe too good? 

>!Cheney is a bumbling idiot then a cunning mastermind plotter without much transition!<, watch this if you want to be mad the whole time, As a huge history nerd, especially presidential history","So so funny! Definitely a fun watch., I really enjoyed it. Drawbacks with binge-watching is that it is over so soon., Does it get better through the season? I couldnt get through the first episode, The show is a blast. A very pleasant surprise!, [deleted], Definitely a worthwhile watch. Tons of fun. Completely absurd., All hail the slept king.

Nosostros papaya to you my friend., Man, it took a lot out of me not to finish it in one night so i could have something to watch for a few nights after work. Such a surprisingly good series., I love this show! Almost done with S1","I mean they wrote that ending before they had any idea what it would turn into? 

Also, as far as the quality discussion of Squid Game is concerned, everything Episodes 1-6 was fantastic TV. For me it fell off once the English actors came in. But prior to that it was incredible. 

And it was fun to see different actors Id been a fan of for a while show up in a huge TV show., Season 2 should star a bunch of squids. They fight for dominance, in a squid version of Battle Royale. Then in the end one of the squids turns out to be a sperm whale in disguise.","I thought they were both great. Evans played a great anti-Captain America. Gosling's toned down vibe of ""really this shit again"" was hilarious too., ""Do you miss your fingers, Lloyd?"", I'm all for the trash stash, Who throws a loaded gun? 

I actually genuinely enjoyed the movie. It was a bit over the top action, and besides the audacity to just openly engage in a shootout on multiple occasions, I felt like they paid attention to minor details that mattered and they had some very good callbacks., bro liked it so much he shaved the beard and copied the mustache style, Yes","psilocybin saved my life. after almost ten years of military service, it did what no antidepressant could. help my mind release its grip on trauma., Esketamine gave me my life back. My symptoms disappeared within an hour and were completely gone after two months. A little disappointed that none of the episodes centers around ketamine/esketamine., Ive benefited tremendously from the use of psychedelics. For anyone struggling with depression and anxiety","Ill take a potato chip, Did you know that gods of death love apples?, Ordinary, So, I'm one of those who think the series really ends at episode 25, and not episode 37. Am I alone?, They shouldve just stuck to the excellent tv show and skipped the Netflix special, *Juicy*, [deleted], I really enjoyed this. My teenage son (now 22) had me watch this a few years ago. I was actually sad when it ended., >Leaves Netflix October 14

All according to keikaku., Hopefully they take down their terrible live action adaptation too!, Best get started...","I watched this while high on cough syrup when I was 16 and it changed my life., As someone who doesnt typically watch anime, I was STUNNED by how much I loved Evangelion! It takes all the clichs of the mecha genre, and turns them on its head. My only complaint would be that it takes a few episodes to truly get away from the action, and into the deeper plot. Highly recommend sticking with the series until the very end!  
  
Edit: if you enjoy NGE, I would also suggest watching The End of Evangelion ([also on Netflix](https://www.netflix.com/title/60024788))"," I dont know what the budget was but seemed like a lot of different locations, set pieces, stunts, car crashes etc.

Update: I just looked up the budget and it said $200 million. Thats well over the combined budget of the first 3 John Wick films. I would have guessed closer to $100 m. Hopefully the cast and crew got well-paid., Netflix movies will almost always cost 2x as much as they would at other non-streaming studios bc theres no backend. Usually the movie producers/lead actors get residuals/bonuses if the movie does well. However therere no residuals or percentage of gross","""So how's your day going?"" - while getting finger printed in an interrogation room after being accused of murder, It's rarely LOL funny but there was tons of subtle humor throughout. I'm glad I watched it all the way through (not like it's long)., This had some of the best off beat and subtle humor I've seen in a while. I used to tease my wife when she watched those awful Lifetime movies when she was still in her 20s, so we enjoyed this one quite a lot together.","Marshawn Lynch was straight up hilarious. My favorite of the episodes., [deleted], Kumail Nanjani walking is my favorite part so far., I laughed hard at the first 3 episodes,especially conans monologue about learning magic, I loved when Arnet flipped out over the card trick and Conan just broke up laughing, This show is hilarious! The Marshawn Lynch episode was pure gold. Hes just so into it and his own sense of comedic timing is excellent., Its a great show & yes Marshawn killed it.","This is not nearly what theyre owed, but

[Dr. Donald Cline pays $1.35M in donor siblings civil case settlements](https://fox59.com/morning-news/angela-answers/dr-donald-cline-pays-1-35m-in-donor-siblings-civil-case-settlements-what-we-uncovered), I'm surprised no one has killed his ass yet.

If I went with my wife for invitro and he impregnated her with his semen instead of mine, causing me to not be the biological father of my child, I'd feel pretty murdery, God, the most maddening thing for me isn't what the doctor did (which is obviously plenty maddening)","Scoot McNairy is very underrated, Great stuff. Always my vote for best of lists on here., I decided to watch it simply because Lady Mary from Downton Abbey playing an American woman wielding a rifle, but I got hooked by the storyline and the cast. Fantastic series., Jeff Daniels is great, but the women are really the stand out characters. Excellent mini-series., I fell deeply in love with Jack OConnell whilst watching this., For people who have already seen: any recs for similar shows?","This was great. The long uncut footage of Leclerc climbing really hammered home how insane that guy is. I didnt know anything about him going in, which I think is a great way to watch this., He seems to want scant attention
I watched that and 14 Peaks back to back a couple of nights ago. Great documentary. The climb in Patagonia was unreal., Is it a documentary?, Good god this was a good film. Really just blew me away, such a free spirit and an incredible climber., I had never heard of Marc Andre, nor have I ever been a fan of climbing","So fetch, You Go Glen Coco., I dont hate you because youre fat, youre fat because I hate you is possibly one of the most savage lines Ive ever heard., Im not a regular mom im a cool mom, She doesn't even go here, As a 34 year old man I never tire of rewatching this film., If you're from Africa, why are you white?, I opened this post just to see the wall of quotes. I was not disappointed, Get in loser, were going shopping., Is butter a carb?, This movie is iconic for millennials. I dont know if todays teens are watching it but they definitely should be.","That's true to real life. He was drinking 12 packs in high school before class even started., I dont know. Pretty sure he bought all da boys at the bar a round of PBRs. What a man of action., Not really great advertising for them. *Budweiser, the go to beer of cannibalistic serial killers*., I dont know how relevant it is, but my dad grew up in the late 70s/early 80s and he and his brothers all drink Budweiser like theyre sponsored by them. 

Maybe the show is just true to the times. Or maybe my dad is a serial killer. Shit., Hey, wanna party?  I could bring over a few brewskis?","I havent laughed so much in awhile. He certainly gets middle aged humor., Several times he killed with with a joke based on an observation that many of us have had but never discuss (ie the type of dust on top of the fridge). Genius., Ive watched it twice already. So funny. I also have pants from Costco., Loved it. Immediately started searching his name when it ended., A person wearing Kirkland jeans mean two things

1.  They do what it takes to live....
2.  They're not afraid to die anymore...","IMDb lists as trivia for this show:

> This is the only known fictional show to end because it became true., Currently watching it, its pretty good if you like political satire like Veep or  Death of Stalin.  Theres even a few humorous references to Putin in the first few episodes., Zelenskyy not only starred in the show, he also created the entire show concept","I love Guillermo Del Toro.  I can only watch 25% of his stuff.  This is my conundrum, This looks so fuckin awesome., I love creepy / horror stuff, but I really hate jump scare Is there a lot of jumpscares in those?, Just watched the first two.  The first one is really good, but the graveyard rat episode was amazing.  The sense of dread was crazy., I've only seen the first one so far but I am really pleased with it.  I was curious how the tone was going to be, if it was going to go for a more YA appeal but it was appropriately dark and mature.  Good story","Watched it like day 16 of lockdown. Bad idea., Watching this movie made me want to become an epidemiologist.

Over a decade later, here I am!, [deleted], Watched this flying back on an International flight... Thought it was ironic. Always figured I'd be patient zero in my town as much as I flew., My ex housemate watched this with me at start of pandemic and insisted that the film was proof that the whole thing was a conspiracy.

Thank god I don't live with him anymore., The soundtrack is great too!, Nice film to watch to take your mind off the war.","The father and son dynamic was the best part of this movie, If youve recently lost your father, this movie will definitely make you cry, Really a good sleeper movie, more people should watch this, the writing and acting are great., I watched this movie heavily pregnant and bawled my eyes out at the end. Like heavy gasping for air sobbing. I felt traumatized. What I mean to say is I really enjoyed it. Great movie., As someone who grew up realizing my father was a selfish/narcissistic asshole","I loved this film. Enjoyed the acting and story line. But fuck Cherokee Bill., Helluva movie! Great acting. 

Favorite line was like 12 mins in:
Im sweet!
Youre not sweet!
Im sweet!
You know what?
What?
Id rather be dead than listen to this muthafucka talk any more.. BLAM BLAM BLAM, I love Idris Elba but I wish they did more with his character. That ending reveal also wasn't really satisfying as I didn't really feel like it was built up., Spoiler- question : Not sure why Mary goes to Idris place BTW?, I thought it was going to be a sequel to The Harder They Come","This is only 3 years old? Seems like a lifetime ago. Interesting movie, worth the watch, Snowpiercer, but vertical., I liked this movie a lot but not gonna lie: I did not understand the ending. Pretty sure I got the general message because it's not like they were subtle with it, but I do not know wtf was up with >!the dessert!<., Claustrophobic chewing sounds: the movie., Great movie, ive watched it several times. My take is that the message of the panna cotta was received, but misinterpreted by the head chef","This movie needs to be seen in an iMax for best experience... It's truly stupendous!!!!, Thanks for the recommendation, u/SQUID_FUCKER, Love this movie! Definitely was worth watching in IMAX. Nolan is one of the few directors who really uses IMAX cameras. Also the sound was insane. The bombs going off felt almost like you were there., The sound at full blast in an IMAX cinema was astounding. Hans Zimmer at the peak of his craft.","Highly recommend listening to the podcast this is based off of. Fantastic trip., I worked on this and I'm really happy to see it so well received. It was fun to work on and we had the sense that we might be working on something good., Not really many jump scares and the story was intriguing. Good ending as well, Watched all of this in one night and didn't get distracted by my phone. It's a 10/10 for me, As soon as I start losing faith in Netflix they release something that captures my interest. I watched all 7 hours or so of this in 1 sitting.","Not a show but the movie Amelie had this vibe. And thanks for bringing up Pushing Daisies-that show was beautiful and now Im off to do a rewatch!, The Good Place might be worth a try, People have already said The Good Place and I have nothing else close to suggest. 

While I'm here though, thanks for bringing up Pushing Daisies. It's one of two of my favorite shows that have seemed to slip the public consciousness (the other being Better Off Ted). These shows are classics to me but seem largely forgotten., Psych, What We Do in the Shadows, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency","The crab episode was unexpectedly brutal af, Legit almost had an existential breakdown watching The Pulse of The Machine

Just wow, Can we have like 100 more episodes,like right now, Just finished this yesterday, I wish I could wipe my memory and watch all over! The final ep gave me chills!, I'm halfway through it.  Loving it - definitely better than season 2.  Truly feels like reading a 'best of' anthology of sci fi short stories., Volume 3 might be the best yet. The visuals, and particularly the stories this season, were phenomenal. Cant wait to rewatch.","Licensing is always very fluid. My guess is a new agreement went into affect w a studio., Literally just watched Leon the Professional last night.

Yeah, skimming through I looks like they've got a bunch of older but good movies recently., It's the holiday season. I think they want to have a good line up so they can compete for eyes during Thanksgiving and Christmas., I noticed a lot of them started coming in October. I don't know why, but it's nice & I have a bunch of em on My List.","Watching as a kid, it was funny. Watching as an adult, depressingly realistic., Hallelujah! Holy shit!, My wife bought me the Wally World glass and I break it out whenever it's eggnog season. It's not easy to drink from., Shitter was full!, On netflix?!? I'm gonna have the hap-hap-happiest netflix viewing since Bing Crosby tap danced with Danny fuckin Kaye!, Thats the gift that keeps on giving the whole year!, If I woke up tomorrow morning with my head sewn to the carpet, I wouldn't be more surprised than I am right now!, The gag with the pine sap and magazines gets me every. single. time.","Yes!  but it's non-traditional.  Know that going in. 

Tip: It was helpful to have subtitles on because they mumble sometimes., Yes. First half is strong (the restaurant episode holy shit) then second half takes a complete turn in another direction and theme then theres a brilliant singular episode at the end., If you enjoy folklore-religious fantasy, you will probably enjoy the series and it's worth watching. However in comparison, I enjoyed 'American God's' on Starz, which is also a folklore-religious fantasy series much more., Yup, it has a bit of an episodic structure","I thought this was about street racing, Ive been watching this! Its actually really good. My sister, girl cousins and I all have a genetic disorder that causes really severe daily/chronic health problems, including headaches and a type of endometrial cancer. So weve all spent time in hospitals and we have to spend a lot of time stuck in bed due to the disorder. I really relate to the show","Just watched this last night. It's excellent., There is a black and white version of the movie which is awesome if you get the chance to watch it. 

Really gives it that 50s monster flick kinda vibe, and better than the original in my opinion., Its a great horror movie with a lot of monsters. There are a lot of actors from the Walking Dead, and it feels very similar in style to the first season of the Walking Dead. The ending is very well written., Darabont changed the ending of the movie from the way King ended his novella. King later said that Darabont made the better ending.","KRAKOZHIA! KRAKOZHIA!, Wonderful film score also, by none other than John Williams., Medicine for Goat, It's not a bad movie. I enjoyed it. But I also feel like it's about 30 or so minutes too long. Seems about 3/4 of the way through it should have been a good ending instead it drags on for the remaining time. But that's just me., Great acting and all, I did feel weirded out by how people saw him just because he didn't speak the language. ""He figured out the coin carts!"". Like, he's not a chimp.","I watched this last week.  Pretty wild story. I was bored at first thinking I knew what was going to happen.  I was very wrong., This documentary was well done but next-level depressing, I was wondering if anyone else caught this. What a terrible life this poor girl had and sadly there are probably lots of others in the same boat., Netflix's documentary games is unmatchable. Open to more recommendations like this one., Who's the boy's father?","[deleted], I loved it!!! So bummed it got cancelled., Watched it for ZOMBIES! Stayed for the married couple banter., I enjoyed it so much and didn't know it was cancelled  , I rewatch this show 1-2 times/year. Literally just finished a rewatch two days ago. I will never get bored from it. It is a very binge-able quick watch with superb writing and delivery. Timothy Olyphant is especially great. I will always recommend this to anyone needing a show to watch. It is a shame it ended so abruptly.","OP: voice an opinion
Everyone: no, I liked it initially because I'm a huge horror fan and loved how violent and spooky it was.

But...it had some serious pacing issues early on, and I kind of hated what they did to Eleven and Will. I soon ended up annoyed every time they were on screen. 

The acting also struck me worse than previous seasons, in parts. I don't know, some of the lines and their delivery were uncomfortably bad. 

I don't understand why the last two episodes were so long. I honestly had to force myself to finish the 2 1/2 hour finale","I saw about 30 minutes of this movie when it was put on in the background while I was spending time with friends. It was absolutely nuts. Over the top with ridiculous action, unrealistic and unfeasible fight choreography, and played completely straight. 10/10, will watch 3 times in a row once I have time available., Yup! I started watching it. I got 1 more hour. Jesus it is entertaining. The film quality is pretty well done. However, the plot is as if written a 10/12 year old level. Like... How this amazing friendship just blossoms amazes me. I freakin might need more of these movies.","I almost tossed chow during the sushi prank., I'm watching it now and the prank on Brad is some classic Jackass. I feel like they really need to utilize the new talent to do more of the original Jackass style pranks since they aren't recognizable., Also if you have Paramount+, Jackass Forever is available on there now too., I felt like I enjoy 4.5 a bit more than 4. Seemed to me there were more stunts and loved the behind the scenes stuff.","I also have dozens of siblings. My biological dad donated to a bunch of clinics, all of which oversold his sperm. 23andme results were crazy, The NERVE of that man when he called her to talk about it. 

  The word narcissist gets thrown around alot but that was true narcissism. Talking about how it affects HIM. I   could not believe what I was hearing!!! He told her it was her fault?! Insane. I take it back. The man is/was insane., Ive got this on right now. Hes despicable. 

The Quiverful cult is what the Duggars are part of.","YES, It can be a little slow especially in the beginning, there are rarely feel-good/happy moments and you will have to watch with the original German audio as the English voice acting sucks but overall I would definitely recommend watching it as its such a great and well told story, FUCK YES, Season 1 was S tier sci-fi, Season 2 was A tier, and season 3 was B tier IMO. Use a family relationship chart (theres some good ones on Reddit) to keep track of people., Yes!  Keep notes of names and events, and keep an open mind.  Binging is probably best, to ensure you can follow the storyline.","Such a good re-watch as well. The scene when he visits the memory maker is devastating every time I see it but for different reasons once you know the ending., Wish they would put this back in IMAX theatre, Denis Villeneuve is such a great director. Psyched that this is on Netflix., I'm unnerved knowing that 2049 came out half a decade ago. It doesn't feel like it's been that long. 

Anyway, I love both films. I'm too young to appreciate the technical marvel that the original movie was at release","Travelers. 

3 seasons I believe. It wrapped up fairly well. About people sent from the future to save the world from doomsday/itself., Dark was incredibly well done in every way; highly recommend., No love for Bloodline? That was the first Netflix made series that I watched from start to finish, and I still think about it to this day., I enjoyed Orphan Black a lot!, Atypical, Maniac, Magicians. Come for the worldbuilding, stay for the character development. And each season is different - its not dragging out one set of story lines over 5 years., The Good Place is somewhat a mystery/sci-fi","I wouldn't post this in best of. There's tons of info out there about how misrepresentative this doc is., Click bait journalism offering up no real world solutions to a legitimate issue while tearing down folks ACTUALLY trying to do something to help feed the planet in a sustainable way., I have a hard time putting any Netflix documentary in best of. Even the good ones are biased as hell., A lot of gotcha journalism but an interesting watch if you dont take it all at face value., My geography teacher showed this in class. It was traumatizing as fuck because I was already vegan by then","The cucumber accents the water in such a way that.., No one says creep twice in a row unless theyre quoting tlc, Did you yell America when you hit the accelerator?, Hey, are you Dirty Mike and the boys?!?, Desk pop!, Best running joke was how irresistible Will ferrell was to hot women, got me every time., OK, first off: a lion, swimming in the ocean. Lions don't like water. If you placed it near a river or some sort of fresh water source, that make sense. But you find yourself in the ocean, 20 foot wave, I'm assuming off the coast of South Africa","I love The Great British Baking Show for this. It's a competition so there may be anxiety there, but I find that the participants in the show tend to be very supportive of one another, and even the hosts are supportive as well. It's a very wholesome sort of vibe, IMO., Detectorists , Midnight Diner. Each episode is self-contained, and the plot is wrapped up by the end of the 30-minute episode.

A Japanese chef opens his restaurant from 12 am - 7 am, and is visited by his usual customers, along with a random who is usually the focus of that episode.

It's warm and cozy.","Matrix, The Usual Suspects, The Fountain, Interstellar, Fight Club, Lucky Number Slevin. Still enjoy rewatching them but wish I could experience it for the first time again., Shawshank Redemption. The third act was an amazing ending to the perfect movie., The Prestige, Gladiator, GATTACA, *The Game* with Michael Douglas and Sean Penn, No Country for Old Men

Forrest Gump

The Departed

Casino, All About Eve, American Beauty but mostly Little Miss Sunshine. For some reason that scene where theyre driving down the highway with that horn randomly honking make me laugh until I cried., Se7en!","Jesus Christ I feel old. I did not think AOT came out 9 years ago., This is the first anime Ive ever watched, and I was hooked instantly.

The story telling and character development are amazing throughout all 4 seasons. The animation is so well done, and its not like the show depends on the fight scenes in order to hook the audience. Theres elements of politics, ambiguity, societal philosophies, and much more. The second half of Season 3 might be some of the best television Ive ever watched. 

If you dont mind watching an animated show, and are okay with blood, gore","As someone who can't stand Jason Bateman, yes you should watch it., Yeah! It's good., Absofuckinglutely, The first season is amazing.  If it doesnt blow you away, it might not be for you., Absolutely., Yes, without reservation.  Great show., Absolutely. I didn't realize the season was starting. I'm psyched., Yes!, Not my cup of tea. But Im getting tired of those shows where everyone is evil and trying their best to be the shittiest person, I want to love it, but have have tried twice to finish season 2 and I just lose interest. I'm sure I'm in the minority",">I know a lot of people who have heard of this show, yet I don't know anyone who's actually seen it

And now I feel 100 years old., Watch it.  Really hit its stride in the 2nd and 3rd seasons, Yes definitely. Its a good mix of thriller/psychological stuff/horror, with a bit of comedy relief thrown in at times. The main story thread is super intriguing but theres also a ton of Monster of the Week episodes that are really enjoyable and help flesh out the main characters. One of my favorite shows for sure., _Yessss_. Scully is life.","The Boys is a show where superheroes are evil. Umbrella Academy is a show where theyre just incompetent. Its a lot of fun though, with great world building and interesting characters., I really enjoyed it. Just weird enough for my taste and easy to watch. Give it a couple of episodes to see if it sucks you in, I got the same-ish vibes from Umbrella Academy than I had from Dirk Gentlys Holistic Detective Agency. Both fun! I wouldnt say theyre my favourites ever, but if you dont have anything youre burning to watch, Id def give it a go!

Edit : missing word","I really liked this one and how it showcased how 2 regular guys would react to this situation. 

Loved when they drove in the pistols, screamed the whole time, then acted cool as cucumbers with the general. Perfect lol, This was a huge procurement fraud case for the DOD. Essentially","Karl Urban, This was only released yesterday. I went in not knowing anything about it and found it to honestly beat Disney in terms of animation quality and detail. I was continually impressed through the entire movie at the cohesion between the detailed textures and the cartoony characters. The lighting and direction was also like eye candy. I really enjoyed it!, Theres a few moments that were my worst fears below the sea., I started watching it on a whim and was pleasantly surprised by the mature storytelling","Yes. Great series exploring the dark side of technology in the near future. Most are pretty bleak but the first episode is the toughest. Whole series is worth a watch., It's a wonderful series. Each episode stands alone, so it doesn't matter if you skip episodes. My favorite episodes are probably I'll Be Right Back, Nosedive, and San Junipero. It's an affecting show, but some episodes are more striking than others., Fair warning: maybe don't binge it. It can take a toll on you., Black Mirror is the spiritual cousin of The Twilight Zone","How many Ws can they fit into a poster?, Someone took the ""make it stand out from the other posters"" ball and ran with it., Taste the fucking rainbow, >*By now youveheard: WBisnt going toHall Hthisyear. Were so sad to miss you there! And waiting until Dec. to start our official#WW84campaign in full--But the truth is we can just barely wait*

From Patty's official Twitter handle., [Here's another promotional photo from 'Wonder Woman 1984'.](https://i.imgur.com/xIIRaiI.jpg), saint seiya gold armor, Wonder Woman: Ragnorak, Audience: God","Suicide? Damn. , So sad to hear. We'll miss you /u/vernetroyer. You brought laughter to a lot of people. Thank you. , Verne was taken to the hospital earlier this month after cops got a report he was drunk and suicidal, and was treated for possible alcohol poisoning. 

So sad to hear, RIP u/vernetroyer, Loved him in Austin powers and always enjoyed seeing his posts on Reddit.  ","Ive always wondered where the Onion gets the photos of people to accompany stories. Are they stock? Do they cast? Or maybe the art director just goes over to accounting and says hey Steve, are you busy right now? We need a guy to posenah that shirt is fineitll only take a minute.   , Human history is all about being concerned with trivial bullshit while your civilization crumbles., >At press time, McDermott had reportedly been whisked away in a hurricane

Gold, I dont care what color Ariel is,  but that crab better have a Jamaican accent., >GAINESVILLE","[deleted], ""I got a prostate the size of a honeydew and a head full of bad memories"" is one of the most sublimely hilarious sentences ever spoken, 'You wanna piece of me?'

Thank you Jerry Stiller for bringing to life Frank Costanza. Simply one of the greatest tv characters., Serenity now., [deleted], One last ""Hi Hi Hiya!"" 

R.I.P., An absolute legend, he was hilarious in every scene he was in. RIP.

This guy- this was my kind of guy.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfPfzo7wpC4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfPfzo7wpC4)","According to his publicist and longtime friend Glenn Schwarz, Gottfried died from recurrent ventricular tachycardia which is a type of abnormal heart rhythm due to a genetic condition called myotonic dystrophy type II., His YOU FOOL bit on Hollywood Squares was legendary. RIP, I recommend the episode of Historical Roasts where he played Hitler (pretty sure the roastee was Anne Frank). He has a blast leaning into the character knowing it was a green light to be as offensive as possible. At the end another roaster tells him, Hitler, you lost. You lost so bad","Brolin posted a picture of the full costume on his Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/p/BXf2zL8BJ9F/?hl=en, Significant lack of feet.

Yep,seems legit, Is the dude shooting Infinity Wars 2 and Deadpool 2 at the same time?, Brolin:  Thanos and Cable

Ryan R: Green Lantern and Deadpool

Ben A: Batman and Daredevil

J.K.S: J. Jonah Jameson and Commissioner Gordon 

Who am I forgetting????, *From the official Marvel Directory, the time-traveling Cable (the adult son of Cyclops)","#[GO HERE TO ASK BORAT YOUR QUESTIONS](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/jjadf6/jagshemash_my_name_borat_my_new_moviefilm_is/), Very nice length, Well, this is a pretty good Borat look-alike.

I however am not convinced unless he knows how to prevent Gypsy from shrinking head.

I will be ready for the clever tricking of the treat., I for one hope all our Rampart related questions are answered.  A very niiice., wawaweewa!, [deleted], Wow Borat hasnt aged a day in almost 15 years!

Those gypsy tears are no joke., JUST WATCHED THE MOVIE IT WAS A GREAT SUCCESS, 19.3 cm is 7.59 inches","Spider-Verse: ""Hold my Koca-Soda."", [deleted], Peter Porker was funnier than I would have expected. 

> Heres a hammer. It fits in your pocket.


I was the only one in the theatre who laughed, but I laughed loudly enough for us all. , Do animals talk in this dimension?, Literally just saw it today, it was really great. One of the best Stan Lee cameos as well., [deleted], (puts hand on Golden Globes)

&#x200B;

"" **Hey**. "", Whats up Danger , I normally don't care about things like the Oscars or Golden Globes","No way those Twinkies are still good.  , I hope the marketing really hits the fact that all four of them are now Academy Award Winners/Nominees., Yayy. Cool to see everyone back together after all these years., Zombieland 2: Double Tap, I bet the title becomes something like Zombieworld, Please don't suck.

Please don't suck.

Please don't suck.

Please don't suck.

Please don't suck.

Please don't suck.

, Cue Metallica's ""For Whom the Bell Tolls"", when it comes out it will 10 years since the first  i cant believe its been 10 years. i remember when the first one came out","Mrs Nesbit Origins, Didnt even recognize Chris Evans, great make up., A TOY STORY STORY: LIGHTYEAR, (spits out drink)

#*WHAT?!*, now we just need Woody starring Timothy Olyphant, They damn well better release a western based on Woody, or theres gonna be some snakes up in some boots! , They've done this already. I used to watch it as a kid, there was a Buzz Lightyear cartoon that was the character and not the toy. I remember thinking it was really rad.","He will be 63 when this ban ends.

&#x200B;

Fuck me, I'm getting old., Thats no punishment.  They should make him host the Oscars for the next 10 years.  That would be more of a punishment, Time to go Nicholas Cage crazy and do every movie that comes across your desk for the money. If you aint going to get an Oscar might as well make bank., The Academy:

>The 94th Oscars were meant to be a celebration of the many individuals in our community who did incredible work this past year; however","Can't wait to see the new Top Gun's behind the scenes where they show the cameraman strapped to the front of Tom Cruise's jet during high speed maneuvers., I wonder how much the studios pay for Tom Cruise insurance. It has to be astronomical., Credit to Tom Cruise for doing his own stunts but what a job by the cameraman to perfectly capture the long take while falling off backwards.","Just tell me Macaulay Culkin's involved, and I'll die happy. , > It grossed an out-sized $476 million, **spawned two sequels**,

yeah this article is wrong. Who could forget **Home Alone 4: Taking Back the House** or **Home Alone: The Holiday Heist**?, I still want Home Stalone, a remake where every character is played by Sylvester Stalone.","I remember seeing Adam West and Burt Ward at Comic-Con in 2010. Funny, classy guys, both of them. They had the whole Q&A audience laughing with anecdotes and jokes, and they even had little kids who had probably never seen any of the old Batman series in awe. 

I went up to the microphone and asked Adam West if he would dance the Batusi for us. He replied, ""Well... I don't have my cape! But seeing as how I am a master of The Boogie, I will!"", then he did. Delightful of him to humor such a lame request.

Another question someone had was, ""Burt","[First poster for Incredibles II](https://i.imgur.com/AHJWaGq.jpg), I forgot how much I liked The Incredibles music!, I have been teased, Its all fun and games until Frozone loses his super suit again., It is cool how obviously higher quality Mr. Incredible looks. There is way more detail in how his hair is modeled for instance., I love seeing visually how much we've progressed technically animation wise when revisiting characters from older films. You wouldn't think the art style from The Incredibles could look better","Borat is simply the funniest movie I have ever seen, Best dvd easter egg ever was on the first Borat movie.  If you went to the setup and chose Hebrew for audio/subtitles, an alarm would go off saying 'jew in vicinity! jew in vicinity!', This suit is black-not, There are no other movies released this year, they made it just in time to get Best Picture, King in the castle, king in the castle! I have a chair, look at me, Wawa wiwwaa","OK, so this might get lost in the deluge of replies but I want to tell a story about my personal experience(s) with Carrie Fisher.  See","The great Disney Google War of 2026, [deleted], I heard on a podcast (Storm of Spoilers actually) them discussing the deal and how in the novel Cloud Atlas (I've seen the movie, never read the book) movies in the future are all called Disneys, because Disney owns all entertainment. Seems like that is a little too close on the nose now. , I expect movie theaters and cable/satellite providers to feel a lot of pressure. Disney has a lot of leverage for increasing what they charge. I'm prepared for prices to rise, Now, witness the power of this fully-operational oligopoly!","Zoe Saldana: ""Whatever"", Jim Cameron sounds like a B rated James Cameron, He didn't use the papyrus typeface? Talk about a missed oppurtunity.

EDIT: [Papyrus](https://i.imgur.com/P2SLFqV.jpg), James Cameron mutters to himself: ""For now......."", [deleted], Will they do double features with Avatar when Avatar 2 comes out? If so it might reclaim that title., ""Now you can rest"", Is no one gonna talk about how weird it is to see him sign this as Jim? Jim Cameron sounds like he writes shitty crime novels., [deleted], Iron Man started it all!","I met David Sandberg four years ago, right after I saw the original Kung Fury. I absolutely loved it and could not stop laughing so I had to meet him.  Now we are finally in Munich shooting. I just had to share with you guys, because Im so proud of him for making his hilarious vision into a reality. For those of you who want to get into the movies, hes proof that if you have the vision and you work non-stop and keep hustling away","I am just baffled by the description of his penis.  No balls, penis looks like a vagina, possibly intersex and burn victim.  I've never wanted to see and not ever see a penis so bad., [deleted], It looks like the fake I need a walker to help me walk act didnt fool anyone.","I looked down for a moment, why was everyone chanting ""up up up"", https://youtu.be/KeXYpMGyCho?t=668

In this post-Oscar interview, Bong Joon Ho points out his translator is also a filmmaker, studied film in University and she's apparently writing a script. He flatters her in-front of the journalists and says he is curious about it, maybe directing it for her in the future. WHOLESOME., Honest question, but do all international films qualify for best picture? Or do they have to be brought to American audiences to be in contention?","I remember my dad use to watch these movies with me when they first came out. He took audio samples from it and replaced all the Windows sounds on our family PC. No fuckin' clue how he managed that back then. I can still clearly hear the ""What's all this?"" and the ""AaaAaHh *glass breaking*"" sounds for errors and stuff.,  Love wallace and grommit. it always reminds me of christmas as a younger kid. They always played the wallace and grommit animations around Christmas here in Australia. so much nostalgia RIP you legend thanks for the good feelings and happy memories.","I really liked that he didnt call them my fans and called them loyal film enthusiasts whove stuck by me. Very humble and down to earth., I came away with my belief that Cage treats his work and audience with a high degree of respect validated. He half-assed nothing in that thread, gave us sincere and interesting responses, and clearly valued the experience., He really answered those questions. Most were very thought out and full of little Easter eggs to his past. And he obviously LOVES what he does. One of the best AMAs Ive read.","Title of film is ""Free Guy"", *The truth was a burning green crack through my brain. Weapon statistics hanging in the air, glimpsed out of the corner of my eye. Endless repetition of the act of shooting, time slowing down to show off my moves. The paranoid feel of someone controlling my every step. I was in a computer game. Funny as Hell, it was the most horrible thing I could think of.*

 Max Payne, Stranger Than Fiction 2: Wreck It Reynolds?, Ryan Reynolds really knows his audience , *Acquired as a spec in 2016, Free Guy is in the vein of The Truman Show","It's not a well known TV show globally but if you get to watch Cracker please do.

He was absolutely wonderful in that TV show and many brits of a certain age will definitely associate him with that. It was definitely a breakout role for him.

Such a sad loss, *When I was four years old, I watched my mother kill a spider... with a teacosy. Years later, I realized it was not a spider - it was my Uncle Harold.*, Really liked him in GoldenEye and World is Not Enough. He was perfect as Bond's reluctant ally","""Do you find more people come in for VHS tapes or DVDs?""
""Its pretty much a 50/50 split on that one. If were being honest, though, most people come in to use our bathroom or hang out with Chad, a senior on the football team who works Tuesdays and Thursday nights.""

I am dying, this is the greatest., >A big congratulations to the little league team we sponsored this year on their 4th place finish. What a fucking joke.


Holy shit., >Colleen's on the warpath because they put our ad on the side of the billboard facing the woods.

This one made me laugh, sums up blockbuster pretty well.","So they aren't backing down with the release date? Man, May is going to be a mess., I'd love to enjoy anything as much as Ryan Reynolds enjoys being Deadpool., I would 100% be for trailers for Deadpool being Deadpool in other movie trailers. 0% of Deadpool movie footage in the trailer, Ill be disappointed if Dopinder doesnt make a return, because I like to imagine hes pouring the shells on Deadpool , My fat ass thought they were tater tots, He's a maniac, MANIAC, I say. , You mean *Captain* Deadpool 2.","Details:
>Chinas major streamers like iQiyi, Tencent Video, Bilibili, and Xigua Video have removed most films starring Reeves following the March 3 benefit concert for the New York-based nonprofit, which is affiliated with the Dalai Lama.

>At least 19 films starring Reeves were removed from Tencent Video, according to the report, with Youku and Migu Video housing the only Reeves title still available: Toy Story 4. However, the animated film now has unusual credits, per the Times. The credits begin in English except for the voice cast","A sequel to this movie about the last 10 years at Facebook would be wild., The Social Network - The story of a guy who would sacrifice everything to impress Justin Timberlake., >Has Become

I think it was always obvious who the villain in that movie was, When The Social Network was released Mark Zuckerberg said he was upset about the film's portrayal of him as a womanizer in college.


He never really brought up or denied the part about him stealing ideas and backstabbing friends., Its always been a super villain origin story., Andrew Garfield nailed this role, just saying., Funnily","TIL to make an expensive, original studio film in 2018...you basically have to be Christopher Nolan. , A similar thing happened when Interstellar came out...., Jesus I can't believe that many people saw the new xXx, Cant wait for Dunkirk II , Its a remake of world war 2 , Nolan is almost a franchise himself now. Most people I knew only watched because he directed it. 

, Honestly props to Coco. You could tell how little faith Disney had in it and it pulled through!, Wow Split and Get Out were way more domestically loaded than I expected, [deleted]","Any character Adam Driver plays always just looks like Adam Driver in disguise., Adam Driver, Lady Gaga, Gucci movie, Ridley Scott, thriller? Mad libs ass movie., I choose to believe this photo has nothing to do with the movie and this is just what Adam Driver wears casually., [deleted], Looks like something out a photo album you find of your parents before they became parents., Co-starring Chris Evans' sweater from Knives Out","Should I read the book before watching the movie or go in blind?, If you walk without rhythm, you won't attract the worm., THE WORM, The hype must flow., SHAI HULUD, They replaced ""jihad"" with ""crusade,"" it seems., Somehow, Villeneuves movies always look exactly as I imagine a book or story to look in film. Its exactly what I want it to look like., That Sandworm though

Cautiously optimistic about what I'm seeing here.","Warning: Little Miss Sunshine, The Lighthouse, and There Will Be Blood spoilers below.

Pretty much any Paul Dano and Robert Pattinson movie is fair game in this thread., Holy shit He beat that guy like he was the seagull from  The Lighthouse, Commissioner Gordon: Does this mean anything to you?

Batman: It doesn't look like anything to me., ?0?1


Guys....we could be waiting a thousand years for this movie., Here's the trailer in 4K courtesy of Matt Reeves himself. 
https://vimeo.com/450541481, Paul Dano is going to be so good as Riddler, No camera cuts with the punches. Thank you bat jesus","This use to be the case, where studios owned the movie theaters and then only showed their movies in their theaters. It eventually went to court and then all the way to the supreme court United States vs Paramount., You haven't seen The Great British Bake Off until you've seen it on the big screen., I think this would actually be a pretty cool experience. I wouldn't mind seeing The Irishman or Marriage Story there if I could, Discount admission to Netflix subscribers?, Is the price of admission your parents username and password?","[deleted], [Booing](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/17/movies/cannes-film-festival-2017-boos-bad-films.html) is like a sport at Cannes. The list of stuff that gets standing ovations or boos and walkouts is as strange as the Cannes Film Festival itself. I wouldn't take it too seriously.

If I did take it too seriously, I'd say that the audiences at Cannes see themselves as cinema purists and would say that the only way to see movies is on the big screen","This story is a big one and trying to get confirmation on it is tricky. The articles I've personally read only so far say things like ""a source tells us,"" which isn't a concrete citation. Neither is Variety itself,  who will often say things like ""This actor is cast"" when they're still in negotiations.

Since this is a very hot-button issue right now, and since Tarantino has yet to say anything publicly about it (declined to comment on this article,  for example), if anyone has a better source - please post here., > Chinese authorities didnt tell Sony what scenes were objectionable","Mrs Miniver was one of my grandma's favourite movies. She had happened to mention it, not remembering the name, I discovered the right title based on her description and then realised it was actually playing at a senior's screening at my most local cinema the following week. I got up early and I took her to the pictures and I was the youngest person there by at least thirty years.

Taking her to see Mrs. Miniver is still one of my favourite memories with her, she passed away about six months later. It makes me happy to see your grandmother loved the movie too, it really is great.","Wife screaming from the other room: ""Turn it down! Why is it so loud?""  
Me: ""It wasn't like 10 seconds ago!"", You try to listen to a conversation and BAM! You just woke up your entire neighborhood, Yes and when they whisper  dramatic dialogue.  Like who the fuck has entire conversations in whisper mode., I really hate commercials that play louder than everything else., [deleted], Christopher Nolan called, he said something but there was so much noise and music going on I could not hear what he said., Nolan's most recent movie ""Tenet"" was a perfect example of this.","The russian bear is losing to paddington bear. 2020 truly is the weirdest 3 years ever, I'm not sure why they needed confirmation from Studio Canal when there's [a literal Ukranian promotional video for the second film that literally starts with him saying ""I'm again providing my voice for this character.""](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vlb4z9ge5E&t=9s) Which includes video showing him recording for it.

EDIT: For those who are curious","Put him on a horse in a big city!

Why?!? What does it mean?!?

Nobody knows what its means, but its provocative., Didn't he drive a Mustang in the first movie too?, John Wick dies in the first 5 minutes. The movie is about the horse seeking revenge for the death of his beloved Master.. , I think the title may be a bit misleading as this isn't a pic from the movie John Wick 3. It's simply a photo of Keanu Reeves going out for coffee., What a magnificent creature.

Oh and nice horse. , I guess the dog held out for higher pay.","this is giving me mad fred from scooby doo (2002) vibes, I hope this version of Ken is like Ryan in Drive. Says nothing and just stares for 90% of the movie., Every still from this movie looks like it would be a bit in one of those parody movies from the 2000s, He looks plastic or airbrushed. Perfect., He's 41 years old, can we please start calling him Ryan Goose?, Yall ain't ready for the barbie sweep, A system of cells interlinked within cells interlinked within cells interlinked within one Barbie and dreadfully against the dark, a tall white Ken played, Sold separately","> When we were introduced, Lucas, who remembered me from Stanley Kubricks seminal 1971 film A Clockwork Orange, offered me two roles. The first was a character called Chewbacca. I said: What the hell is Chewbacca? and he told me it was a hairy gorilla on the side of the good guys. Well, all I could think about was three months in a gorilla suit, so I said, Whats the other part? And he said it was the big villain of the film, so I chose that because people always remember the bad guy.  
   
People will never forget you, Prowse. Rest in peace., He was also in a Clockwork Orange!","> I am thrilled that Spideys journey in the MCU will continue, and I and all of us at Marvel Studios are very excited that we get to keep working on it, said Feige. Spider-Man is a powerful icon and hero whose story crosses all ages and audiences around the globe. **He also happens to be the only hero with the superpower to cross cinematic universes, so as Sony continues to develop their own Spidey-verse you never know what surprises the future might hold.**

Im onto you, Feige., Inevitable. Too much in it for both of them to walk away., Also important: As part of the arrangement","[Alec Gillis of StudioADI is in this thread now](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/7m8jj0/about_60_artists_who_created_hero_makeups_and/drsv0aa/), I was asked to be life casted  as the frozen lava man at the end of the hallway in the apartment. I knew I was asked to do this as a favor under the table and never expected a credit. That said, the two people who did the work of building that sculpt were not in the final credits, which I thought was odd. ADI didnt even include them in their list of uncredited folk","Perfectly Balanced, When she told her to look in the mirror and see herself as beautiful, thats a friend money can't buy! She deserves every dollar of that donation, Thats wild that this part of the film was not completely staged, Im shocked, [deleted], One of the few voices of reason in the movie, she was great with Tutar., will you be my new black wife?, I'd like to see that one girl who stood up to her dad saying how much Borats daughter is ""worth"" saying ""that's fucking disgusting"" in a meme or something. That would be great.","Andre the Giant was such a sweetheart. 

Sad the condition that made him so famous was also responsible for his short lifespan, Hulk Hogan: Is this a kissing movie?, I met a guy a few months ago who had watched The Princess Bride so many times he had memorized the whole thing. He gathered a crowd and then did A WHOLE 1 MAN SHOW OF THE ENTIRE MOVIE line for line doing every character and running around acting everything out! It was incredible! The best part was him crawling around as a swamp rat creature. ","[IMDB.com just changed name from 'Deadpool 2' to 'Untitled Deadpool Sequel' which might be the final official name of the sequel.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5463162/?ref_=nv_sr_1), Love that they credited geordi laforge as chief engineer. , I'm starting to think deadpool 2 is an elaborate lie to let Ryan do a bunch of crazy shit without actual explanation., Keep your pants dry and your dreams wet.

Words to live by., Oh noooooooooo... now there's going to be a horde of Bob Ross deadpools at comic conventions for years., Negasonic Teenage Warhead lookin' fressshh, ""All right","Ray was shooting a movie called ""Dangerous Waters"" on the island, and died in his sleep ... according to a source close to the actor. We're also told there was nothing suspicious about the death, and no foul play is suspected.  

At least he went peacefully. What a great actor and gone too soon., TLDR, met him backstage a little drunk at a concert and helped walk him to his limo. 

Kind of a funny storymet him when I was 16 after my friend and I snuck back stage at a Red Hot Chili Peppers concert. It was an outdoor venue and stage was up this big hill","Mod note: Release date is September 6th, not the 9th, 2024., Yellow suit time!, No one's ever really gone., What happens when they add Cable to the mix?, Im hoping the headline put the quotation marks in the wrong place and that the movies title is actually Deadpool 3: Hugh Jackman Returning as Wolverine., Kind of amazing how this all comes full circle. Deadpool was first introduced in a Wolverine movie. And now Wolverine makes his (alleged) last appearance in a Deadpool movie!","I was surprised when watching Beetlejuice for the first time, that Beetlejuice doesnt fully appear until the hour point and Michael Keaton only had 17 minutes of screen time., That's nothing. Blair Witch: 0 seconds., Marlon Brando got 15 minutes of screen time in ""Apocalypse Now"" which is a 2 1/2 hour film (or longer with directors cut) and was paid $3.5 million for it in 79., I love how you mention the villains by name then just ""Anne Hathaway"", How long was that giant dog from Sandlot on the screen?, Man, that scene in Signs where someone is filming at a birthday party","That scene with Luke kneeling next to R2 looks like an alternate angle of the scene we saw in VII during Rey's force vision. If that's true, I'm glad we're getting to see that, and possibly other things from her vision., What was that shot of a burning temple??, [A shot of Kylo Ren from the trailer](http://imgur.com/QlZ5skO)

I expected his scar to be larger, but it still looks cool., HOLY SHIT!!?!?

Was that paper? In a Star Wars movie?, **Echo of Leia:** *""Help me Obi-Wan Kenobi","Two quick notes:

1) OP's article mentions The Emoji Movie but doesn't make it clear it was the first film screened. [Newsweek however confirms that The Emoji Movie was indeed the first film screened.](http://www.newsweek.com/saudi-arabia-screens-emoji-film-one-worst-movies-2017-after-35-year-cinema-ban-781188)

2) Just to be clear movies weren't banned, cinemas were banned. Also the government does plan to censor any ""objectionable"" material from any films. (Cue jokes about censoring entire Emoji Movie) , And so begins another 35 year ban ",> As to how it works from a technical aspect,"I THINK COOLSVILLE SUCKS!, Fred without an ascot?  

Like, why even bother, Fred looks like Sam Darnold, I like the Puppy Scooby Doo. Maybe they will have a flashback with Redd Herring., I think it's funny that everyone's character design evolves except for Shaggy and Scooby. They are too iconic to alter. Everyone else looks like they've had a fresh coat of paint., [deleted], I'll give it a chance but Fred looks very off to me., Starring: Zac Efron as Fred, Amanda Seyfried as Daphne, Gina Rodriguez as Velma, Will Forte as Shaggy","I like that they included the screaming scene just to confirm to us that they fixed those awful teeth, Those crazy sons of bitches did it! Credit to all those VFX artists who worked their butts off., Props to the designers for making the change. I can't imagine the extra hours they would have had to work to get this out as quickly as possible., Just wanted to say that Blitzkrieg Bop is a much better fit than Gangstas paradise for a Sonic movie. Thats all., Full body shot, before and after: https://imgur.com/2KQkzJY, Shit, he actually looks like... Sonic now?

What an innovative new direction!","Can I just say I love how David Dunn is chained to the floor? If the doctors at the hospital don't believe he's super strong, they sure are taking a LOT of precautions to make sure. , I love that Willis is still wearing the rain jacket, M. Night Shyamalan's Infinity War, Great poster. Man, I forgot how shredded McAvoy got for Split and this., Color was a big thing in Unbreakable. Glass was purple, Bruce Willis was green, most other colors were muted. Trying to think back to Split","I wanted to go see it before it got taken away. I NEED to see this disaster fuck of a movie, Do you think that every butthole was designed specifically for each cat, so that they're all unique? Or did they all share the same CGI butthole?, >A VFX producer friend of a friend was hired in November to finish some of the 400 effects shots in @catsmovie. His entire job was to remove **CGI** **buttholes that had been inserted a few months before**. Which means that, somewhere out there, there exists a butthole cut of Cats.

...","I cant wait to end the year with an existential crisis. , Well see stats that all of us played the same path the first time around. 

Seriously, itll be cool to see stats on what paths everyone took most. , Plot details:

> A young programmer makes a fantasy novel into a game. Soon, reality and virtual world are mixed and start to create confusion. That Bandersnatch would be set in the world of video games lines up with recent fan theories, as Bandersnatch was the name of a video game listed in the Season 3 episode Playtest","I wrote about this once, but Mr. Rogers saved my mother's sanity. 

My brother was sick as a child and needed to see specialists who couldn't really give my mother a real diagnosis. Psychiatric conditions? Allergies? Neurological? Whatever it was, my brother was in a lot of pain and the ONLY thing that could routinely calm him and keep him happy was to watch Mr. Rogers. We'd watch it together every afternoon, my mom called PBS and they *sent* her VHS of the episodes. 

I don't know why","[deleted], Zombieland: Double Tap? Sounds like a mobile game., One person in that photo aged., Is that the official title? If so, [I want royalties.](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8yn412/comment/e2c9fln), [deleted], Remove the words double tap and you could have told me this was marketing from the first movie and I wouldn't have thought twice. , Omg I thought this was fan made, it is from the official sony twitter

https://twitter.com/sonypictures/status/1090345647931195392?s=21, michael cera and lindsay lohan look so bad ass","I can't wait for his followup tweet when Endgame passes Avatar

""Hey guys. James Cameron again. Once again I congratulate you for topping one of my movies. No hard feelings though since we're all part of the same family now"", George Lucas did the same for Cameron when Titanic surpasssed Star Wars. Fun little torch pass.

[Ah, here it is.](https://www.themarysue.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/lucas-cameron-ad2.jpg)

Wow. I... wow. I wasnt even the first person to post this in the thread.","I just watched the trailer for child's play. In this reboot, is he still a ghost possessing this toy or is he an AI gone rogue?, Brilliant idea, great execution., ""See, your honor? It's a different color plaid shirt on the arm of the massacred puppet hand holding a toy cowboy hat. Absolutely not a copyrighted character that we imply has been brutally murdered. I don't see how the plaintiff could ever come to believe we're intending anyone to think that."", You had a friend in me...","It's going to be two hours of a cardboard box sneaking around. The box will be voiced by Oscar Issac., how much god damn time does Oscar Issac have? He's attached to everything right now., Metal Gear Solid 2: *sigh* ""Somehow, Liquid returned."", > The script is written by Derek Connolly. Avi Arad is producing.

Oof, I feel like this series is pretty hard to adapt for Kojima related weirdness. Also probably better off us a series and not too sure if the director is right choice. But gonna hope for the best, All I want, is for Kurt Russell to be cast as Big Boss","[deleted], And the Western Desert is, naturally, in the East, Is Bridge of Spies an actual bridge? Looks like it could be!, Get the fuck outta here, this is crazy, Must have been difficult categorizing No Country For Old Men., [Here's the Alphabetical List with their respective map coordinates!](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UFROCNCO3ygVMTJb_pepti2w9XEGgVpdp6LWMJhPa9Q/edit#gid=0)

Great job dude!, How did you create this list of must-see movies? Is it 1800 movies you recommend","I think Scooby-Doo is one of those universal shows that everyone experienced at some point in their lives. I dont know a single person who cant at least hum the theme song. RIP Joe, and thank you for making a timeless masterpiece., Natural causes for those wondering, Not many other people have created a show that has had as large of a cultural impact as Joe Ruby's Scooby-Doo. All the repeated lines, the formulaic plots, and instantly recognizable costumes for Halloween. RIP, The original series has such a surreality to it. Its the only time a laugh track adds something","The title for avengers 4 was never spoken in Infinity War Yeah ok buddy , The snap wiped away 100% of Caps beard , Looking forward to the awkward Nebula Stark friendship.

>my dad was kinda an asshole too ya know, Lmao looks like Director of Photography Trent Opaloch labeling his resume  with ""Avengers: Endgame"" was right from the start., ...so who saves Iron Man before he dies in space? Captain Marvel on her way back to earth?, 2015: **WHY DO WE NEED AN ANT-MAN MOVIE???**

2019: **ANT-MAN IS HUMANITYS LAST HOPE!!!**, I'm completely ok with a 3+ hour film. This will be alot to unwrap","Player: \*Walks up to Ryan Reynolds*

RR: ""Hello, how can I help you today?""

Player: \*Quick-saves*, > Keery is a programmer who may or may not have a secret agenda.

He does, [deleted], Does Ryan Reynolds just join whatever movie he thinks Redditors would like the most , The isekai meme has now become self-aware!, nonplayer character character

whatever, fight me, not changing it, So some reason this reminds me of '[The Nines](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0810988/)'. Haven't thought of that film in a long time., Free guy more like locked behind a paywall of 30 dollar dlc","> Tarantino refused to edit the Bruce Lee scene out in order to secure a theatrical release in China.

And:

>They absolutely backed me, 100%, Tarantino recently told Deadline about Sony agreeing to skip China. They were all disappointed, and so was I. Partly because we had Chinese co-producers and we wanted to do well by them. But there is a certain line you cannot cross. If it was just Ok, Cliff slams Katies face into the fireplace four timescan we make it two times? Ok","Neo waking up in the power plant is still to this day one of the most incredible and unmatched scenes, the sound effects, visuals & the music... when he looks over and out at all the pods...  I remember finally sort of realizing what the hell was going on and was just blown away.","Important notes:

This is happening in New Zealand, not the US.

This is not emergency surgery due to any one specific production. It's surgery done as a result of non-specific injuries sustained over many different shoots. (Think of a football player developing CTE - they can't pinpoint which game it occurred from)., It is pretty crazy that you can employ a stunt woman and not cover insurance., For all the comments on America's health system(which are rightfully deserved)","Stop don't , Come back., ""Well, it got so that every piss-ant prairie punk who thought he could shoot a gun would ride into town to try out the Waco Kid. I must have killed more men than Cecil B. DeMille. It got pretty gritty. I started to hear the word ""draw"" in my sleep. Then one day, I was just walking down the street when I heard a voice behind me say, ""Reach for it, mister!"" I spun around... and there I was, face to face with a six-year old kid. Well, I just threw my guns down and walked away. Little bastard shot me in the ass. So I limped to the nearest saloon","Pom ""sick and tied of her long ass last name"" Klementieff, I wonder what Disney and Kevin will say to this .., I like Pom Klementieff's crazy signature, little ridiculous there pom, Could someone transcribe this for us at work where Twitter is blocked?, Unpopular opinion: Reddit is as much to blame for mob mentality as any other social media platform and its hypocritical to be patting yourselves on the back about the statement., I look at this and realize its time to practice a real signature ",">While the test screening didnt reveal who directed the sequel nor which studio was involved, 

I am curious as to why they aren't revealing the director, but they mention the writers., Looks like bad borat impressions are back on the menu, boys!, Whats up with it, vanilla face?, Borat is one of two movies I've been to where people got up and walked out.  The opening of that film cannot be unseen and it basically never stops delivering the hits., ""He is pain in my assholes"", This is honestly the best time to put out another Borat., Very nice!","[More images](https://imgur.com/a/nWiii3x), Yes! Fuck you too!, Apparently Akeem returns to America to find his long lost son. Who did he hook up with in the first movie, aside from Lisa?, When you think of garbage, think of Akeem!, Have low expectations just in case.   if its at least decent Ill be happy., Soul Glo still selling?, Did they do something to their appearance with help of cgi like in The Irishman?

They look like they haven't aged at all!, Sexual chocolate everybody, give them a hand., WhatYearIsThis.jpg

You coulda told me it was from the original and I'd have believed you.","Neo slowly turning into The Dude, *This time... the sunglasses are bigger*, Keanu's like ""I'll come back for Matrix 4, but I'm not cutting my hair or shaving my beard"", Did hugo weaving retire or something?, I couldn't figure out who is the one in the back., The Matrix : Definitve Edition, This Christmas, Jesus is back, and he's wearing a leather trench coat., I maintain this is the story:

Neo is resurrected by the machines (you see this in  the trailer)","Miyazaki retires every 5 years only to be resurrected by his hatred of modern anime., https://www.webmd.com/alzheimers/news/20130715/putting-off-retirement-may-help-stave-off-alzheimers#1

Hayao Miyazaki never gonna get Alzheimer's, We get great movies, Miyazaki gets self-fulfillment. It's a win/win situation., *Again!?*

Not that i'm not happy with it, but maybe he should stop retiring., ""Retirement was a mistake"" -Hayao Miyazaki, [deleted], Btw, I just read some stuff about the movie and realised hes 79. Seventy fucking nine years old. Like","I see all these worms and I think I want the spice in Walken voice., ""The way your dad looked at it, Arrakis was your birthright. He'd be damned if any Harkonnens gonna put their greasy fat hands on his boy's birthright, so he hid it, in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass."", He is the weapon of choice., ""So you say you're...hwat, the Kwisatz Haderach? To me...I think you're more like the...Notgonnamarrymydaughter...Haderach."", Details:
>Walken will play Emperor Shaddam IV","Lol ""setback"", The press tours with them would have been a spectacular shitshow, no one is going to let them live down what they did to GoT., What is the opposite of a setback?, I think this is one of the first times ive ever been glad to hear directors drop out of a movie project?, Well their comments the other day about ignoring fantasy elements for the sake of mothers and football players didn't do them any favours, [deleted]","I'm surprised he's that young, he's been the silly little white haired guy since he was in his 30's, looks like.

Hilarious actor, sorry to see him go., Damn. Going to miss him saying Well, shit., RIP

He always stole the show when he popped up, and it was clear he was having a blast in his roles., Lord I am about to bust..
 Rip king, He's a tiny gay angel now, >Law enforcement say he was driving in Hollywood Monday morning when it's suspected he suffered some sort of medical emergency and crashed his BMW into the side of a building.

RIP","It's super awesome when you guys *name the movie* where the quote appears, btw :), I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible

(When Harry Met Sally), Broadcast News(1987)

Aaron Altman: And in the middle of all this, I started to think about the one thing that makes me feel really good and makes immediate sense... and it's you.

Jane Craig: Oh, Bubba.

Aaron Altman: I'm going to stop right now. Except that I would give anything if you were two people","Whats the difference between a writedown and a write off?, And wb still has massive debt. Thanks to att, Kramer: It's a write down for them.
  
Jerry: How is it a write down?
  
Kramer: They just write it down.
  
Jerry: Write it down of what?
  
Kramer: They just write it down!
  
Jerry: You don't even know what a write down is, do you?
  
Kramer: No. Do you?
  
Jerry: No I don't!!, I just can't help but think there is someone more qualified or better prepared to make these decisions than the people behind 90 day fiance and my big fat fabulous life.","I could do with a verb in that headline., I was worried there for a second,  I saw the photo and thought he passed away., Beautiful picture., Anthony Hopkins is such a gift to the world., I love how excellent he looks with the hooded eyes. Most people fight it, but he just rocks it., Just rewatched the movie Legends of the Fall. I had forgotten how Anthony Hopkins is absolutely splendid in it., Hannibal: The Grandfather Years., Honestly, I can't see him as a kind old gentleman anymore after reading how he treated his own daughter. But frankly","I enjoyed it quite a bit. Went a little off the rails by the end though...

Edit: I can't overstate how much Aaron Taylor-Johnson continues to surprise me as an actor. The dude has some serious chops., Is this sex stuff?, I loved the Japanese version of holding out for a hero playing near the end when the crazy action was going, it meshed so well lol. Definitely a fun movie, great to watch if you have a 5.1 surround system.","1. Return to Oz, The Serpent and the Rainbow has some really terrifying scenes, The Changeling is a criminally underrated horror flick. Very little gore, 100% atmosphere, suspense, and chills., April Fools is great and I don't think I've met anyone else who has seen it! Glad to see it on this list., Ah yes, Friday the 13th from 1980 starring Jason with a hockey mask from 2009, Not sure Id put Labyrinth in the horror category. Lots of good, though obvious 80s horror films in this list, but missing many more classics! How is Melvin the mop boy not on the list","The Frighteners. Funny and comedic until the 3rd act., From Dusk til Dawn, About Time is one of my favorite movies and a great example of this. The first 2/3 are a romcom and the last 1/3 is a drama. On a rewatch, you see that the romcom portion is really just creating the context for the drama portion to take place within., Arguably, Kill List. It started as an action thriller, ended up as a horror movie. They did sprinkle a few hints here and there, but it just made the movie more like espionage/treasure hunting than horror.","spoiler: there is no island, just organ harvesting., Details:

>The film is loosely based on a true story and centers on an American couple who turn their backs on civilization to build a secluded paradise on a deserted island, where they decide to live off the land. But Eden proves difficult to pull off, particularly after a European countess finds out about their plans and arrives with her two lovers planning to take over the island and build a luxury hotel. According to the official description, that triggers some good old-fashioned psychological warfare","terrific, a six-demon bag, sensational, *How did you get up there?*  
*It wasn't easy!*, Just read the comics.  Hell, at one point he becomes friends with Lo Pan., No, because the point is that he drives into an event that has nothing to do with him and leaves without really learning or understanding anything. 


He's a side character, and Big Trouble works with this gimmick but you can't repeat gimmicks like that in subsequent films.


Think about it. Shit gets waaay out of hand very quickly and just gets crazier ane crazier. Jack is constantly confused. 

It just wouldn't work again.","
Loved loved loved her work in Chernobyl!, Good on 'em. My doctor tells me I gotta get my meta score down,  Battlefield 2042?, She's wonderful, definitely one of the top composers of our time. Is the Tr score available to stream yet?, I haven't really read about the movie ""TR"" but in Icelandic ""tr"" means tear drop., not even her own family could remember her last name,.. but still enjoyed her tunes, Theres a moment in the movie where Tr is listing off some great composers, and one of them is Hildur Gunadttir. When I heard it I thought wait","I got chased by a cop robot in a mall after hours a few years ago. It was absurd and terrifying. This was the first thing I thought of., Chopping Mall is dope. Kelli Maroney deserved to be a bigger star., Incidentially watched this back to back with Phantom of the Mall: Eric's Revenge which is shot at the same mall.

It really stands out how low budget Chopping Mall was when you see another film actually able to have some extras beyond one scene. Blew all the money on those sweet robots clearly., I mean, it's an alright film. Well directed for a fun time but weakly written","Taskmaster gets belly laughs every episode, and they're all up for free on their YouTube channel., What we do in the shadows tv series. 
The film is good, but i personally prefer the series., Party Down - it's coming back for a 3rd season

I Think You Should Leave

The Kids in the Hall - Season 6 released this year on Amazon but the other 5 seasons well worth checking out, Nathan For You, Game night is pretty hilarious, extra props for not losing steam at any point in the runtime, Silicon Valley, I would recommend what we do in the shadows, both the film and the tv series.","Earnest Scared Stupid, If they havent seen  Paranorman, they really should, Is Beetlejuice PG?, Goosebumps?, Puppets rather than animation, but:

Dark Crystal

Gremlins, The Monster Squad
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TeZs0B0mjXY


And

Ghostbusters, You mean the old 80s movie The Gate?

If so then Super 8 they might like it is a fairly modern movie set around then. 

Other 80s movies like Twilight Zone: The Movie and Cats Eyes they might like too.","No mention of Reign of Fire? It still has the best realistic-looking dragons, and it came out 20 years ago., Yo, Draco from Dragonheart was INCREDIBLE as a kid!, I think [Vermithrax Perjorative](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/76/1e/5c/761e5c468e1a3ee5091d05620ef298fb.gif) was the first ""wyvern-style"" dragon on film, and in my headcanon the mother of all the Valyrian dragons we see today.

>Valerian : Are you afraid of dragons?

>Ulrich : [confidently and calmly]  No. In fact, if it weren't for sorcerers, there wouldn't be any dragons. Once","Damn yeah that scene is so tragic. I always end up calling my dad after watching it., I refused to see this movies for years thinking it was just some time travel comedy about getting laid I finally saw it last Christmas and I was a mess afterwards, I can't watch this movie right now.

I lost my father two years ago. It is still too raw. 

I tear up just thinking about that scene., The Mystical Adventures of Billy Owens has the best cgi dragon, I think Reign of Fire has been an overlooked movie as a whole","I hope its extremely funny. But it hasnt been released yet, let alone reviewed. 

Headlines like this remind me how MacGruber was promoted., Just waiting for this to release already. 

Is this going to be watchable without a Roku?, The early reviews coming out of TIFF so far have praised it. Whether that extends into a broad appeal once it's released is another question., I have a hard time believing it will be bad, unless every single funny element of the movie was in the trailer (and thus, the original Funny or Die fake trailer from 10 years ago)","Jordan Poole is a great filmmaker. Sadly for him, nothing can beat Key & Peele ;), Just waiting for this to release already. 

Is this going to be watchable without a Roku?, The early reviews coming out of TIFF so far have praised it. Whether that extends into a broad appeal once it's released is another question., I have a hard time believing it will be bad, unless every single funny element of the movie was in the trailer (and thus, the original Funny or Die fake trailer from 10 years ago)","Personally, I love *Faster* and I love DJ in it.

This was a turning point for him, as he and his producing partner have admitted. There was a great interview with them (that I have had trouble finding again) where she explained that, until this point, Johnson had been trying to carve out a niche in Hollywood as a more typical leading man. Slimmer, more generic looks, lots of ""friendly"" roles.

*Faster* was the point where they decided to take charge of his career. He got huge and scary and leaned into the role hard because he wanted to be a badass. It was an absolute gear shift for him","These are all fun slashers. I'd also recommend The Burning, which stars a young Jason Alexander and is a lot of fun., I recently watched Stage Fright for the first time on Tubi a few weeks ago and it was a really good time. The characters made somewhat logical decisions (for an 80s slasher at least) like making it a point to stick together and fighting back when they had a chance, naturally they failed at all of it in glorious fashion, but they get an A for effort., And that opening saxaphone number, lol. That movie is a trip., Yeah, that's when I knew that I was in for a real treat.","Mr. and Mrs. Smith

At the time, I thought the chemistry and antics and sheer movie starriness of Pitt and Jolie was like a balm to my soul, a return to the Hollywood of old, but I later realized it was more of a lucky accident that came together due to superb editing and that its success could not be duplicated., Galaxy Quest, Master and Commander. It's such a comprehensive window on that ""wooden little world"" that a sequel, (especially without Peter Weir), couldn't really add much more., Although there are 2 sequel films","Olivia Colman's mix of expression and emotion in ""The Favourite (2018)"" as she realised Emma Stone's true colors at the end of the film is pretty chilling and a great bit of acting., Fifth Element when zorg finally acquires the case to find it empty again. You've got rage frustration desperation and disappointment all in one insane laugh, This scene from ""Sideways"" comes to mind, with Paul Giamatti pretending to be happy for his ex-wife 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rO\_Dkz\_TQI, Peter O'Toole in Lawrence of Arabia, getting simultaneously fascinated","""Quick Verification: Select all squares with **Anthony Hopkins**"", What an odd name for that font and poster, That is a monster cast!  Shame it is a James Gray movie. Everything of his I have seen is almost good., Peter O'Toole in Lawrence of Arabia, getting simultaneously fascinated, aroused and disgusted by a vision of men being slaughtered., In Dead Poets Society","He actually refuses to support Copshop.  Him and Frank basically claim Butler hijacked the movie and they have distanced themselves from it.  

I have never seen a better movie in my life that a director and star want nothing or little to deal with, He was supposed to make a gritty 1970s set version of Daredevil some years ago before the MCU took over everything. Would have loved to have seen that., Carnahan has a reputation for clashing with major studio heads (he even wrote a scathing","Teachers with Nick Nolte, Ralph Macchio and Crispin Glover. Pretty wild movie., School of Rock, Hamlet 2 is a great comedic film starring Steve Coogan as a high-school drama teacher., Another Round (2020)

One Eight Seven (1997), It's not a serious movie, just a fluffy 80s comedy, but Summer School is pretty great

https://youtu.be/VijCU3fPp3s, 187.  Samuel Jackson should have won an Oscar for that performance., Half Nelson with Ryan Gosling was decent., The Man Without a Face.

Front of the Class.

Apt Pupil.

Edit:

Coach Carter (maybe counts), Monsieur Lazhar",N/A,N/A,"Which movie hurt you?, You see people in general do that all the time. It's pride. Nobody likes to admit that they were wrong., I have a friend who's watched maybe 4 hours of YouTube reviews all shitting on she-hulk,  Videos like the critical drinker, but has never seen an episode of she-hulk or even bothered to read a wiki article about the character. They make the same wild accusations like the show talks down to fans, it's super woke anti white man hate","That's what I was trying to avoid. A conversation about body mass, okay? We've had that conversation five times a day for the last month because we keep watching Predator and all you talk about is Weathers and Jesse ""The Body"" Ventura and how many pounds they can pack on., Why is predator loved for the wrong reasons?, A better way to put this would be ""what are qualities of beloved movies that are underappreciated/not talked about as much as they should?""

Alien would be a good example","Now watch Double Indemnity., That movie made stars out of two newcomers: Kathleen Turner and Mickey Rourke.

And I agree with you,  this movie is fantastic. Also, Turner is ridiculously good in it. Probably her best performance, even., If you watch the movie carefully when they first meet at the bar.  She's really getting a feeling of where his mind is at and compared to her"," That Pinocchio movie with Pauley Shore, Sir Billi 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sir_Billi, I realise you are looking for physical media, but if you look through Amazon Video especially their Prime movies Kids category there's a wealth of stuff you won't have seen in any cinema - with good reason - some of them have an Other Formats option, so might be available on disc too.

The Yummy Gummy Search For Santa

Dino Time (it somehow has two of the cheaper Baldwins in the voice cast)

Edit: formatting"," That Pinocchio movie with Pauley Shore, Sir Billi 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sir_Billi, I realise you are looking for physical media, but if you look through Amazon Video especially their Prime movies Kids category there's a wealth of stuff you won't have seen in any cinema - with good reason - some of them have an Other Formats option, so might be available on disc too.

The Yummy Gummy Search For Santa

Dino Time (it somehow has two of the cheaper Baldwins in the voice cast)

Edit: formatting","Conair. 

I dont think its considered so bad, but damn it is just so much fun., I'm not sure I'd say it quite makes the cut for good, but Hudson Hawk has a special charm that isn't just ""it's so bad it's good."", Waterworld, David lynch's  Dune., The Flash Gordon movie that came out in the 80s., Armageddon, Super Mario Bros, Cabin Boy, Over the Top.

Yeah, ridiculous movie all around. But the actual arm wrestling tournament is so much damn fun. Love how they splice Sly and his opponent doing pre-match interviews before the final match., I just turned 30","Conair. 

I dont think its considered so bad, but damn it is just so much fun., I'm not sure I'd say it quite makes the cut for good, but Hudson Hawk has a special charm that isn't just ""it's so bad it's good."", Waterworld, David lynch's  Dune., The Flash Gordon movie that came out in the 80s., Armageddon, Super Mario Bros, Cabin Boy, Over the Top.

Yeah, ridiculous movie all around. But the actual arm wrestling tournament is so much damn fun. Love how they splice Sly and his opponent doing pre-match interviews before the final match., I just turned 30","This is low hanging fruit, but the MCU posters are just so visually unappealing. And Im saying that as an MCU lover., The Batman. The first red poster with just Batman and the red chest logo was phenomenal, but then WB decided to release the poster with all the faces massed that was pretty horrible., No Time to Die. The first poster was underwhelming, while the others were okay at best. Great movie, though!, The Departed, The Dune poster is pretty subpar for such a great film","Watching a movie by Ulli Lommel gave me brain damage., Mine is very stupid. I saw run fatboy run in the theater and decided I would train for a marathon. I did, completed a marathon, and have been a consistent runner for over a decade. I have no idea why that movie triggered it, but I do know I visualize the brick wall in the hit the wall segment when Im struggling. I have only watched the movie once and do not consider it a favorite or even particularly good. It just got me started doing something it turns out I love doing.","Watching a movie by Ulli Lommel gave me brain damage., Mine is very stupid. I saw run fatboy run in the theater and decided I would train for a marathon. I did, completed a marathon, and have been a consistent runner for over a decade. I have no idea why that movie triggered it, but I do know I visualize the brick wall in the hit the wall segment when Im struggling. I have only watched the movie once and do not consider it a favorite or even particularly good. It just got me started doing something it turns out I love doing.","The Claude Rains Version, it's such an underrated movie, imo, It gets lumped with the Universal horror movies even though it doesn't feel like one. Claude Rains phantom performance is very underrated., Moonlight for me. Always seeing myself as just a single person - not ever waiting on a partner or aspire to be in any type of relationship, I don't like romance like that. But if another guy shows me intimacy even if just for a night, I guess I won't fight it but I prefer to be by myself. Moonlight is a great film to show me I'm not alone in how I move in the world","My take on the ending was theyll get another shot, but theres a solid chance it wont work. At least they learned memories are worth keeping, even the sad ones. They all have things they can teach us., Its better to have loved and lost than not have loved at all., I think the ending is actually optimistic. Them hearing the tapes of their complaints and accusations towards each other actually allows them to break free of the cycle they've been caught in within their dating lives.

Clementine's acknowledgement of *'I'll get bored with you and feel trapped","Yasujiru Ozu movies., Wes Anderson films perhaps., Hard to be a God

Jaques Tati and Robert Altman movies, *Yi Yi* (2000), Dance and martial arts films.","Grave Encounters and this make a wicked double feature, Wes Anderson films perhaps., Hard to be a God

Jaques Tati and Robert Altman movies, *Yi Yi* (2000), Dance and martial arts films.","Your question 5 is the whole point of the film, not a ""plot thread that needs explaining"". Neither are the others but it's been a while since I watched the film. Basically: real life is complex and chaotic and not everything is explained (like in some fiction).

Also the check out the allegory of the cave by Plato., 6) What will they do with their newfound power of pyrokinesis summoned by masturbation?, The Reese Witherspoon part made absolutely zero sense to me. That was something I never really understood when I was a kid and still don't get it.","Just as a heads up, the word you want is discernible, *From Justin to Kelly*. Like, what was even the point of making that film?, My Spy is like this. You would think it's a kids movie like the Pacifier, but it's a surprisingly violent PG-13 action film that also is goofy and co-stars a 9 year old girl., Pitch Perfect 3 randomly decides to be some kind of heist movie., The Phantom Menace goes from banal discussions about trade routes in one scene to slapstick humour directed at small children in the next., It's Pat","I remember Brainstorm. That was a weird movie!, Before their time? Yes. Primed to be remade?  No!  Both still stand up to the tech advances since those films were released., I've been saying that for years about Colossus.  Colossus is based upon a trilogy of books it would make a great trilogy of movies or a TV series., Meh.

Brainstorm is completely forgettable that is nothing more than a hodge podge of typical sciifi tropes with life after death crap slapped on top of it. As you said","Pulp Fiction. Basically already individual acts, Han Solos rescue in Return of the Jedi. 

The Cruel Tutelage of Pai Mei (Kill Bill Vol. 2)., Alec Baldwin's scene in Glengarry Glen Ross, Wall-E first act, You could absolutely carve Saving Private Ryan into a couple of very good shorter films., You could have a whole-ass movie with every timeline in *Once Upon a Time in America*, The opening scene in Inglourious Basterds, thanks to Christoph Waltz, The second act of Wrath of Man would make a great standalone","Years after watching Harry Potter I realized he played Sirius. That really blowed my mind., Hannibal, Tiptoes.



As in,


""OH SHIT! I can't believe Gary Oldman is in this turd of a movie."", When he played Mason Verger in Hannibal., Literally every time I see a new movie! He's a freakin chameleon!, Ive always likened him to being the closest thing to a Lon Chaney of our generation (even though he doesnt do his own makeup)., Call of Duty.

Kidding!

I would also echo Drexl in True Romance. He just went wild with that one. Also, he was fairly unrecognisable in Churchill, tremendous makeup job","https://youtu.be/5Xl0l0gtK6g, Hannibal, Tiptoes.



As in,


""OH SHIT! I can't believe Gary Oldman is in this turd of a movie."", When he played Mason Verger in Hannibal., Literally every time I see a new movie! He's a freakin chameleon!, Ive always likened him to being the closest thing to a Lon Chaney of our generation (even though he doesnt do his own makeup)., Call of Duty.

Kidding!

I would also echo Drexl in True Romance. He just went wild with that one. Also, he was fairly unrecognisable in Churchill, tremendous makeup job","Did you happen to watch the end credits of WALL-E? It kind of gives you exactly what you're asking for., The Graduate, *Indy 5* needs a time skip sequence where Indiana reunites with Short Round.

Out of curiosity, how many people were at your showing of *Bros*?, Interstellar., Does it? I honestly just gave that example because it was off the top of my head while I wrote this post, I havent watched the movie itself in a while

All I remember is the end where >!all the humans got back on earth and started growing stuff!< but Ill have to check out the end credits","American version I believe is called the vanishing., The Vanishing (1988).  There is also a 1993 English speaking version, which was not as well received., It's Dutch. The Vanishing.

The American remake is a travesty. By the same director!

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The\_Vanishing\_(1988\_film)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Vanishing_(1988_film)):

>This remake was poorly received and universally seen as inferior to the original, with particular criticism for its new happy ending. Time Out's Nigel Floyd called it ""a misjudged","Not sure, but it would be kind of interesting to see Leo DiCap in another movie involving Hoover., The book has Hoover in the periphery, and more about how he set up the bureau to be THE agency for federal crimes. He may pop up, for sure, but doubt will interact with Ernest (Leos character)., It's Dutch. The Vanishing.

The American remake is a travesty. By the same director!

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The\_Vanishing\_(1988\_film)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Vanishing_(1988_film)):

>This remake was poorly received and universally seen as inferior to the original","Sounds like Gargoyles animated series haha, but I don't remember a king given a small statue. There was a film, maybe its that?

https://m.imdb.com/title/tt12229416/, Try r/tipofmytongue, Sounds like the show Gummy Bears Season 1 episode 13 Night of the Gargoyle., I second this answer, that's what I thought of too., Unfortunately it's not this one. Thanks for the answer :), Thanks, will try over there!, Oh wow, that's it! Thank you so much. I didn't remember it was the Gummi Bears haha, Holy hell, I never watched that before. That was amazing, thank you!","Sounds like Gargoyles animated series haha, but I don't remember a king given a small statue. There was a film, maybe its that?

https://m.imdb.com/title/tt12229416/, Try r/tipofmytongue, Sounds like the show Gummy Bears Season 1 episode 13 Night of the Gargoyle., I second this answer, that's what I thought of too., Unfortunately it's not this one. Thanks for the answer :), Thanks, will try over there!, Oh wow, that's it! Thank you so much. I didn't remember it was the Gummi Bears haha, Holy hell, I never watched that before. That was amazing, thank you!","Wild Zero is a Japanese zombie movie that had a drinking game built into the DVD., *Wild Zero* is such a great ride from start to finish., Sounds like the show Gummy Bears Season 1 episode 13 Night of the Gargoyle., I second this answer, that's what I thought of too., Unfortunately it's not this one. Thanks for the answer :), Thanks, will try over there!, Oh wow, that's it! Thank you so much. I didn't remember it was the Gummi Bears haha, Holy hell, I never watched that before. That was amazing, thank you!, Thats actually really cool! Im glad they did that, I have never had one","Wild Zero is a Japanese zombie movie that had a drinking game built into the DVD., *Wild Zero* is such a great ride from start to finish., Sounds like the show Gummy Bears Season 1 episode 13 Night of the Gargoyle., I second this answer, that's what I thought of too., Unfortunately it's not this one. Thanks for the answer :), Thanks, will try over there!, Oh wow, that's it! Thank you so much. I didn't remember it was the Gummi Bears haha, Holy hell, I never watched that before. That was amazing, thank you!, Thats actually really cool! Im glad they did that, I have never had one","He wants to know if naming them will help him feel something when he dispatches them. He wants it to feel more personal, more intimate in a sense. It's the same rationale as farmers not naming their livestock. You tend to grow more attached to something you've named., My guess is it adds to the feeling of having power over them., Don't just stare at it Sabrina, eat it!, > The novel received significant backlash from womens' groups","Dr Strangelove 

Taxi Driver

Midnight Cowboy

The Last Picture Show

Apocalypse Now, -Alien is a classic horror/sci-fi film that is not to be missed.

-Robocop is a worth watching at least once.

-Rocky series is a well known boxing movie with heart.

-Back to the Future is a fun and exciting adventure.

-Ghostbusters is another classic

-Predator is a great action flick with even greater one-liners

-Die Hard is also another great action film with one-liners.  And, it's a Christmas movie!, Honestly","AJ was absolutely the villain, I remember reading about this movie some time ago I could swear that Bill Skarsgrd was going to be the villain., Just watched it this morning and had a blast. So many beats are unexpected, and it reverses so many tropes, but still lives up to all the genre-specific tension and buildup., Everything up until AJ falls into the hole and finds Tess is borderline perfect IMO. All the Keith and Tess stuff was amazing","Autumn Sonata is on HBO Max., Little Miss Sunshine, LotR: The Two Towers (Extended Edition)., Lost in yonkers., Ordinary People, August of Osage County, Interiors (1978)., I meant Keith, not AJ. I keep confusing the two characters.

And I didn't think he was really a villain, am I missing something?, [deleted],  I thought you were talking about Bill's character. Confused Kieth and AJ, Clue

Full Metal Jacket

Back to the Future

Falling Down -- oops that's 1993

Stand By Me

Scarface

Planes, Trains and Automobiles 

Die Hard

Parenthood","Junos parents. Her Father is understanding and supportive and her step mom is a bad-ass., When I was a kid I always thought Richie Rich was such a good mocie bc of the family dynamic he had. His dad seemed super fun, outgoing and respectful of him. His mom seemed to be very loving and caring but also led her own way. I thought they were cool as hell tbh. Also liked how Richie could just invite people over to his house like it was nothing, despite being a billionaire lol","The Last Exorcism?, The last exorcism maybe?, Came here into this thread to also mention Call Me By Your Name. Really loved the [conversation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gf1ruHJlkKE&t=6s&ab_channel=Liodony) Elio had with his father about Elio's relationship. Very gentle and insightful.

""We rip out so much of ourselves to be cured faster than we should that we go bankrupt by the age of 30 and have less to offer as we start with someone new. But to feel nothing so as to not feel anything, what a waste."", Daddy Warbucks.The name says it all.","This film is all over buses where I live but seemingly has 0% online presence., As a guy who primarily watches YouTube, I saw one banner ad yesterday and this post today.","No. Your friends are right, this is indeed very odd behaviour.

But that's OK, watching movies and TV is supposed to be entertainment, so if you personally find it most entertaining when you read along with a plot summary, then you should totally do that., Nope. Defeats the purpose. Watch it first, then read about it., ive done this for a few movies before when it feels like im missing something and i wondered if i just zoned out. i usually wait until the end though, This is unusual I guess, but I would disagree with your friends. If the only reason we watch things is to find out what happens","No. Your friends are right, this is indeed very odd behaviour.

But that's OK, watching movies and TV is supposed to be entertainment, so if you personally find it most entertaining when you read along with a plot summary, then you should totally do that., Nope. Defeats the purpose. Watch it first, then read about it., ive done this for a few movies before when it feels like im missing something and i wondered if i just zoned out. i usually wait until the end though, This is unusual I guess, but I would disagree with your friends. If the only reason we watch things is to find out what happens","No. Your friends are right, this is indeed very odd behaviour.

But that's OK, watching movies and TV is supposed to be entertainment, so if you personally find it most entertaining when you read along with a plot summary, then you should totally do that., Nope. Defeats the purpose. Watch it first, then read about it., ive done this for a few movies before when it feels like im missing something and i wondered if i just zoned out. i usually wait until the end though, This is unusual I guess, but I would disagree with your friends. If the only reason we watch things is to find out what happens","He looks so excited when he runs in with the bleach and salt. It's great., It was so outrageously gory, I was laughing quite a bit.  For a movie like this having a runtime of 2hr20mins, it sure didn't feel like it.
Surprised it was as good as it was., It is definitely better than the first movie for sure. For me it was so over the top with the gore that it was actually funny., Any website to watch this???, Seriously. Are all these Terrifier posts on Reddit paid promotion. The first movie was terrible.","r/filmmakers, As Badevilbunny mentioned, start as a runner or gofer, get to know how film production works and slowly work your way up., Just apply to be a runner, it is how most get into the business., Alec Baldwin will shoot you for free, Stuntman, caterer, or maybe groupie wrangler..., Making popcorn in the lobby of a theater, Many stars have written their way into Hollywood fame. Start small with TV scripts, and work your way up to movie screenplays., Any job you are accepted for. The degree itself won't get you the job., People have already mentioned starting as a runner/gofer","A) People don't always think rationally in highly stressful life-or-death situations.

B) A big part of Lorraine's character is her figuring out her own attitudes towards sexuality. We see her trying to act and appear less prudish when she wants to act in the movie but her lashing out at Maxine shows she still has some prudishness towards what they came to the farmhouse to do. And in her head she feels she was proven right","When a studio is paying big bucks for an actor, hiding their face is kinda counterproductive., Because one of the main rules of Hollywood is ""you don't cover up the face of the star."" They are whom people come to watch. Studio execs HATED Harrison Ford in a thick beard for The Fugitive for the 1st 20 minutes but - it was Ford's idea and he's someone NO ONE pushes around once he's signed on - especially at the peak of his career in the early 90s.

Also - many actors just want nothing to do with lots of prosthetics. Jim Carrey said never again after the hell he went through playing the Grinch","Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, In this thread: a surprising number of people who dont understand that pretentious doesnt just mean movie I dont like., 2005s Best Picture winner! Crash, [Playback Time - A Carson Clay Film](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNg13Ju5HN8), Ive watched ~500 adaptations of Shakespeare since March 20 - Die in a gunfight is the worst.

It might be the worst movie Ive ever seen., TeneT, Blonde, most recently.","Lotr is one story in three parts. Two towers is not really a sequel, it's just the middle of the story., You answered your own question, It's not better than the first, nor better than the third. It therefore cannot be in the best sequels of all time, which should be better than their predecessors, not just arguably as good. The reason why it's not as good is that it's the middle of the story. You don't get the big mesmerizing reveals and gateway into the world you do in the first one","All roads lead to Pepe Silvia, God, I love the Wall of Crazy so much. It's a visual cliche I will never, ever get tired of. Also, years and years ago, a friend once ran the following proposal for a scene past me, and it never stops making me laugh, so I might as well share it:

Our hero/heroine discovers the villain's Wall of Crazy, and we watch as they stand frozen in horror, gradually absorbing the true extent of the villain's madness. As suspenseful music swells on the soundtrack, a hand reaches into frame","The two spins-offs of the ""Conjurinverse"" that I really liked of the Conjuringverse were Annabelle 2 and 3., Shit it's the chick from Narnia, One day? The point is that it's crazy and likely a big load of bull. Come up with a theory and start it today. :P, Post-credit scene in **Game Night**, I'm pretty sure at least 90% of the crazy wall supply is in movies, only 10% is in real life. These are real numbers people, and we need to do something about it., Bonus point if is on the back of a Tron poster.","The two spins-offs of the ""Conjurinverse"" that I really liked of the Conjuringverse were Annabelle 2 and 3., Shit it's the chick from Narnia, One day? The point is that it's crazy and likely a big load of bull. Come up with a theory and start it today. :P, Post-credit scene in **Game Night**, I'm pretty sure at least 90% of the crazy wall supply is in movies, only 10% is in real life. These are real numbers people, and we need to do something about it., Bonus point if is on the back of a Tron poster.","One of my favorite horror movies., Final Fantasy VIII.

Final Fantasy IX.

Final Fantasy X.

Final Fantasy XII.

Final Fantasy Tactics.

Dragon Age Origins.

Mass Effect.

Game of Thrones., The Wheel of Time series. Without spoiling anything, it takes about 2 or 3 books before people start accepting a certain character as a leader, and even much longer before that character even sees themselves as the leader everyone else sees them as., The Godfather, Star Wars., Bonus point if is on the back of a Tron poster.","One of my favorite horror movies., Final Fantasy VIII.

Final Fantasy IX.

Final Fantasy X.

Final Fantasy XII.

Final Fantasy Tactics.

Dragon Age Origins.

Mass Effect.

Game of Thrones., The Wheel of Time series. Without spoiling anything, it takes about 2 or 3 books before people start accepting a certain character as a leader, and even much longer before that character even sees themselves as the leader everyone else sees them as., The Godfather, Star Wars., Bonus point if is on the back of a Tron poster.","[John Wick: ""Oh"".](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vuwaljf6-6A), Is this from the Prestige?, [And this one from Wolverine.](https://youtu.be/zJ7iwUkLW5E), That one tiny word is said in such a way that makes it very clear to the audience that this man here knows EXACTLY the kind of Hell-On-Earth response is coming for his son, and that there's nothing he can really do to stop it., Its from Batman Begins., And also that ""yeah, slapping the son of the mafia boss was totally justified""., Oh. Yeah im stupid. I forgot they were also both in that too., Haha. Yes.","Interesting business strategy for Warner Brothers, making movies then never showing them to anyone, Stonks, [And this one from Wolverine.](https://youtu.be/zJ7iwUkLW5E), That one tiny word is said in such a way that makes it very clear to the audience that this man here knows EXACTLY the kind of Hell-On-Earth response is coming for his son, and that there's nothing he can really do to stop it., Its from Batman Begins., And also that ""yeah, slapping the son of the mafia boss was totally justified""., Oh. Yeah im stupid. I forgot they were also both in that too., Haha. Yes.","Kevin Bacon (Friday the 13th)

Added:  John Ratzenberger had a plumb role in Motel Hell (1980) before Cheers and Pixar., I love seeing famous actors in their early roles in horror movies., [And this one from Wolverine.](https://youtu.be/zJ7iwUkLW5E), That one tiny word is said in such a way that makes it very clear to the audience that this man here knows EXACTLY the kind of Hell-On-Earth response is coming for his son, and that there's nothing he can really do to stop it., Its from Batman Begins., And also that ""yeah, slapping the son of the mafia boss was totally justified"".","Ive always wondered where the Onion gets the photos of people to accompany stories. Are they stock? Do they cast? Or maybe the art director just goes over to accounting and says hey Steve, are you busy right now? We need a guy to posenah that shirt is fineitll only take a minute.   , Human history is all about being concerned with trivial bullshit while your civilization crumbles., >At press time, McDermott had reportedly been whisked away in a hurricane

Gold, I dont care what color Ariel is,  but that crab better have a Jamaican accent., >GAINESVILLE","It's not a well known TV show globally but if you get to watch Cracker please do.

He was absolutely wonderful in that TV show and many brits of a certain age will definitely associate him with that. It was definitely a breakout role for him.

Such a sad loss, *When I was four years old, I watched my mother kill a spider... with a teacosy. Years later, I realized it was not a spider - it was my Uncle Harold.*, Really liked him in GoldenEye and World is Not Enough. He was perfect as Bond's reluctant ally","TWIST: none of the original cast is in it except Chevy., hard to believe Troy and LeVar Burton have been stuck at sea for seven years, RELEASE THE ABED CUT, IS THIS REAL? MY EMOTIONS!, Now here's a streaming service that knows how to order a community film!, The gag of a canceled TV show in another show that lead to a MEME that became a reallity.

LOVE THIS SHOW CAN'T WAIT!!

""Bing Bong Sing along your teams Al gore cause your views are wrong"", Peacock execs vying for 5 meow-meow beans, This is fucking great, but please","There is an interesting 2013 movie on the same premise starring Robin Wright, [The Congress](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1821641/). It's so wild that barely a decade ago the concept seemed sci-fi enough and now here we are., THE CONGRESS just became a documentary, Willis:

>I liked the precision with which my character turned out. Its a mini-movie in my usual action-comedy genre. For me, it is a great opportunity to go back in time.

>With the advent of modern technology, even when I was on another continent, I was able to communicate","Nice of the Princess to invite us over for a picnic, eh Luigi?, The extreme realism on the fabrics reminds me of Super Smash Bros. Brawl, I hope it has action and adventure all skipped by Mario running backwards on the stairs to clip to the end of the movie., Im supporting this only so I can get a Luigis mansion movie., That looks nothing like Chris Pratt., The antiques are pixelated, thats fun, This actually looks really gorgeous","Are those supposed to be the penguins that everyone threw off the cliff in super Mario 64?, Mario is greeted by a beautiful magical mushroom wonderland paradise. Luigi gets an awful haunted mansion full of lava and undead turtles trying to kill him. 

That's pretty on point., Love the penguins from Mario 64, I honestly think thats the best voice youre gonna get from a talking Toad without it grating on the ears., If toad doesn't yell ""I'm the best!"" like in mario kart ill be disappointed, Bowser looks fucking badass. Jack Black's definitely going to steal the show.","Wow she was just at the academy museum for the apology, Fuck, didnt she just receive an apology only this year from the academy?, 

>Sacheen Littlefeather, the Native American actress and activist who took to the stage at the 1973 Academy Awards to reveal that Marlon Brando would not accept his Oscar for The Godfather, has died. She was 75.

>Littlefeather died Sunday at her home in the Northern California city of Novato. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which reconciled with Littlefeather earlier this year and hosted a celebration in her honor just two weeks ago","Her first film was in 1944 and her last in 2022. What a career., My heart dropped. I used to watch Murder she Wrote with my grandma. Bednobs and Broomsticks was one of my favorite Disney movies. I was just listening to the soundtrack last week. Rest In Peace Ms. Lansbury, you brought a lot of joy to me., She also played an all-time great villain in The Manchurian Candidate., (Beauty & The Beast) Perhaps the most touching Disney song ever recorded. 
Her voice is so good you can feel the warmth and emotion coming through. What a lovely singer and actress - she will be missed!","Adam continues his quest to play every famous Italian, I want you to beat Ford at Le Mans.  SMASH them into the ground. GRIND THEIR BONES INTO DUST!, Man I cant wait for the Ford v Ferrari cinematic universe, Mann is back, cant wait., Adam Drivers Agent: well in this role you get to play a rich Italian

Driver: More

Agent: how about Gucci?

*Driver clenches fist*

Agent: Ferrari too?

Driver: MOAR!!!!!, Heheh, Driver, How many of Vinnie Chases movies have now been made in real life. I think this makes three. Aquaman, Gatsby and now this.


Edit. Spelling","Aw yeah gimme that weird shit Guillermo, If Pinocchio isn't giving your children nightmares it's a failed adaptation. This looks promising!, This is apparently co-written by the guy who made Over the Garden Wall, so to say Im extremely hyped for this is an understatement, Im excited for this. I havent seen a new Pinocchio movie in hours., pinocchio faces the edltrich horrors., >A retelling of the famous Carlo Collodi fairytale about a wooden puppet who comes to life and dreams of becoming a real boy takes place in 1930s Fascist Italy. When Pinocchio comes to life, however","The movie was loosely based on a book by Lois Duncan. Her daughter was the victim of a homicide and the subject of a cold case investigation. From wiki:

>In 1989, the youngest of Duncan's children, Kaitlyn Arquette, was murdered in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Who Killed My Daughter? relates fact and conjecture about the case, which appeared to be a random act of violence., Its because the film executives were saying, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOOOOOOR!?, **SPOILERS FOR LIKE A 25-YEAR-OLD MOVIE**

In the sequel","too bad it's at 720p, Hulus ads are excruciating Im sure this will be the same. At least with TV theres quite a variety of garbage ads. But Hulu has like 4 ads and every so many minutes is the same thing over and over again. Blunt force commercials., So you save $3 over their basic plan. You get the same resolution (720p) and the same single simultaneous screen that you would get with basic, but you also get a smaller selection.

Is there really anybody who says, I can't afford $10 a month, but I can afford $7 a month and I'd be willing to put up with ads, no downloading shows","I dont know, theres only so many times Chris Pratt can tame a dinosaur with a stern look and a hand gesture before I lose all respect for the movie., JJ Abrams about SW: maybe I shouldve planned  


JW director: maybe I shouldve Just Not, If you can revitalize Planet of the Apes or turn Pirates of the Caribbean into a viable franchise, you can make Jurassic Park sequels. The problem is that they keep using poor scripts.

Say what you want about The Lost World","Someone on Twitter pointed out the similarities to a Lego Ninjago poster and I can't unsee it now

https://www.reddit.com/r/ninjagosetleaks/comments/lwxn4y/ninjago_season_15_poster/, Me watching the trailer: maybe they are misleading us by focusing on Shuri so much

Me seeing the poster: nope, Black Panther is now a Champion of Nurgle., Pretty much confirms Shuri as the new Panther - the dot markings on the mask behind her are the same as the paint on her face in ther first movie, Please dont kill Namor
Please dont kill Namor
Please dont kill Namor","Adam Driver kind of looks like Steve Coogan in this poster, Movie Premieres December 30th

>Jack Gladney (Driver), professor of Hitler studies at the College-on-the-Hill, husband to Babette (Gerwig), and father to four children/stepchildren, is torn asunder by ""the Airborne Toxic Event"", a cataclysmic train accident that casts chemical waste over his town.

[Trailer](https://youtu.be/FqJD7ae11mU), Adam driver with a paunch and receding hairline is definitely something I needed to see today., I thought Don Cheadle was Tim Meadows for a second, First Pynchon with Inherent Vice getting adapted","Still one of the best depictions of late stage alcoholism ever put to film., Whatever. I mean, my career then took off again, and the next film I did, I got really well paid. And within a year [Nic] was earning $20 million a film, so that was quite good., This is the movie that got me to take alcoholism seriously., Recently watched this for the first time. Easily one of the most heartbreaking movies Ive ever seen. As someone struggling with their drinking, I was surprised that I felt even more horrible for Elizabeth Shues character","Dude. I remember the era that Manny Pacquiao was running the gauntlet of Mexican fighters. Mexican boxers had so many heavy hitters. Morales, Barrera, Juan Manuel Marquez. So many good fights to remember because of these men., Thats great. I'm not sure about other places, but i know where I'm at near LA, Boxing is huge in Mexican Culture. Lots of block parties for the Canelo vs GGG fights., Michael B. Jordan:

>We just looked back, you know, its the history of boxing","It also probably holds the unofficial record for highest number of  ""no name"" actors that went on to have great careers., It's posts like these that really give subs like r/moviescirclejerk the drive to work harder on their stuff, I feel like if you think there wasn't a message then you weren't paying attention., I would argue Band of Brothers or The Pacific if not specifically using only movies. They had high production quality, really showed the grittiness of war, and were based on the experience of real people as well., I dont know man","Have they announced who Jonathan Majors is playing? Hope its not Clubber Langs son or something. 

Either way, interested to see how Michael B Jordan handles stepping into the directing shoes., I definitely think the half brother/friend from the detention centre Adonis was in as a child theories add up for sure. I'm so happy Viktor Drago is going to be back for this one as well, Jonathan Majors looks like he's put the work in and that along with Michael B. Jordan saying he's taken inspiration from anime for the fight scenes has me really excited for this one!","I cannot wait to see angry old man Harrison Ford suffering through the Marvel press tour every year., Oh God, poor interviewers trying to ask him about Marvel/comic book stuff during the press tour., Bold move to recast with an actor who's even older than William Hurt was., Are we sure this isnt a Hulk movie?, I cant wait for interviews video where theyre asking him comic stuff, and hell just tell them to fuck off., so he is replacing W Hurt right?, Harrison Ford strikes me as somebody who really doesn't like acting anymore., ""What the fuck is a multiverse""","Daniel Day Lewis and Madeline Stowe were gorgeous, the score unforgettable., Duncan:
There is a war on. How is it you are heading west?

Hawkeye:
Well, we kinda face to the north and, real sudden-like, turn left., When the grey hair is dead, Magua will eat his heart, I spent that movie wondering where Hawkeye was getting his shampoo and conditioner., Great film. The final 10 minutes are absolutely incredible, Chingachgook: *The frontier moves with the sun and pushes the Red Man of these wilderness forests in front of it until one day there will be nowhere left. Then our race will be no more","god dammit that title i thought he was dead for a sec, Details:

>The 60-minute film looks back at Zimmers 40-year journey from post-war Germany to Hollywood royalty. It will seek to reveal the musical secrets of Zimmer over a career that includes scores for films Rain Man, Pirates of The Caribbean, Gladiator, No Time To Die, The Dark Knight, Batman Begins and The Thin Red Line plus the music he created for BBC Studios Natural History films, including Planet Earth II, Blue Planet II and Frozen Planet II.
   

>The film also features interviews with Ron Howard, Denis Villeneuve","Poor Janet can't catch a break. Stuck in Quantum realm, blipped, now back to Quantum realm., I guess they recast Scott's daughter again?, Evangeline Lilly simply refuses to do an Ant-Man movie with the same haircut, Does Paul Rudd have some deal with baskin-robbins?

It's featured in this trailer and this movie and it's also what he's buying in Ghostbusters afterlife when he gets attacked., ""Paul you have no good ~~car~~ quantum ideas"", I hope it's more than just coincidence that they're using ""Goodbye Yellow Brick Road"" on a scene featuring well-known Wizard of Oz buff Gregg Turkington.","one of my favorite endings in action movies and the hero doesnt look the least bit victorious.  He didnt get the girl, wasnt heralded by his superiors, nor celebrated for his successful efforts to thwart the bad guy.  Dutch lost his men, was wounded and covered in ash when found, won only by sheer luck.  And this was all against an alien threat he and his team would never have been prepared enough to fight against.

Just look at Dutch in the final moments","*I  have  crossed  OCEANS  of  time  to  find  you.*, The scene with werewolf-ish Dracula banging Lucy was...something. It made me think Coppola saw the movie Meridian from 1990, in which a nude Sherilyn Fenn has sex with a guy who transforms mid-coitus into a beast that looks a *lor* like the Dracula beast in this).

In any case, while I get why many don't like this film, I think its strengths mostly out-weigh its flaws. The look of the movie is gorgeous, Oldman is excellent, Hopkins is bizarre but compelling and fun, and the score is fantastic.

I also like the Coppola-produced","Meanwhile us Latinos are cast as the token fiery buddy/friend who gives our protagonist some street cred., Please give us a Static Shock movie!, We deserve better writers., Hispanics deserve roles in beloved franchises., Seems the industry is using diversity as a shield against legit criticism though. Plus to squeeze every last drop of life out of existing properties instead of creating new stories. That comes off as more of a form of exploitation by the industry than an honest attempt at inclusivity.","Author added 2 movies to a 25 list published in March., Gattaca (1997) had a budget of 36 million but only made 12 million from box office. Great film that wasnt popular at release","Tim Curry in Muppet Treasure Island. IIRC the actor himself said it was his favourite role., The entire cast of James Camerons The Abyss wasnt having a great time., Jack Black looked like he had the time of his life in School of Rock, Every single actor in the Twilight series looks like they're doing time except Michael Sheen, who is doing THE TIME OF HIS LIFE., I think Michael Keaton had the time of his LIFE in The Other Guys. 

When he is whisper screaming at the funeral","good for Hollywood patting themselves on the back for a problem they didnt even fix , ""They Knew"", Courtney Love in it? She seemed to be the first to publicly do it and it destroyed her acting career, ..... Alleged?, Saw a trailer for this in the cinema that was directly followed by the Miramax logo and the trailer for the rerelease of Jackie Brown. Uncomfortable., Does it discuss all the ones who covered it up too?, This movie is produced by Brad Pitt",">The Mint will begin shipping quarters featuring Wongs face on the reverse (or tails) side starting next Monday, as part of the American Women Quarters Program  an act of Congress that calls for five women to be featured on quarters every year from 2022 through 2025.

I have never heard of Anna May Wong before, so I guess the program is already working.

Although I have seen her as ""Mongol slave"" in *The Thief of Bagdad* [1924] with Douglas Fairbanks; and, it looks like she had a more substantial role in *Shanghai Express* [1932] with Marlene Dietrich","I was looking forward to Hemsworth and Pine sharing the screen finally., > Theres an episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation called Relics where they find Scotty, whose been trapped a transporter for a couple of decades, and theyre able to have a cool adventure with him, Payne said. Our conceit was, What if right before the Kelvin impacted with that huge mining ship, George Kirk had tried to beam himself over to his wifes shuttle where his son, Jim Kirk","This was such a depressing read in high school., October 28th, I saw this in theaters earlier this week and its an absolutely beautiful movie, both visually and thematically. I can not recommend it enough, Watched it on Tuesday in a screening which was followed by a panel of the director and some cast members. A truly unique film that deserves to be watched in cinemas. If you have the chance go and see it!, Great book! I hope the film does it justice, Looks amazing.","For the curious:

Raymond & Ray(2022)

""Two brothers share a name and a road trip to their estranged father's funeral. Reunited to carry out their father's last wishes to dig his grave, they dig deep into their past traumas and uncover the history of the man they both hate. Resentments, secrets, and memories flood in, presenting the brothers with a chance to reconcile their past and find forgiveness and a way forward. All the while, the question arises if one ever really knows their parents-and must your upbringing define who you are as an adult?""","Is this gonna center on Cornelius?, I thought this series was finished; that being said, I really enjoyed the first 3 of the newer versions, so bring it on!, Matt Reeves set an impossibly high bar for these movies, Wes Ball is directing and it takes place many years after War for the Planet of the Apes.

Cast:

* Owen Teague - Lead Ape
* Freya Allan
* Peter Macon
* Eka Darville
* Kevin Durand","Crazy that theyre moving forward without their muse., Ah yes. Hope to see another Sandler-Safdie movie that will give me ungodly amounts of anxiety from beginning to end., Doesnt have Adam Sandler, but the Safdie bros Good Time on Netflix has the same panic attack inducing vibe the entire movie and a great watch, ""Sources say it is set in the world of high end card collecting"".

That is such a fascinating setting for a film in general imo, let alone a Safdie Bros film., Angry Adam Sandler incoming., The ridiculous 7 inshallah","Man, getting real tired of all these ""Guess what, you old bitch: that movie you saw in the theaters in high school just turned 20, lol"" posts. , I bought this DVD used when Hollywood Video went out of business., Well it does star a woman (Mila) that never ages, Laser room was fun., The soundtrack is killer., The scene after Alice wakes up and sees the notepad saying Today all of your dreams come true and writing it down to see if her handwriting matches. Its probably the smartest way Ive seen a movie show a character is suffering from amnesia. Considering how the rest of the franchise goes","Its official. The hierarchy of power in the DC Universeis about to change., He also sucks at Pickle-ball! Played him and demolished him!, This guy is like 1 for 15 with movies.  Surprised he was kept there for so long., They shelved Batgirl.  The star of Flash is facing prison time.  Aquaman 2 may be protested for having Amber Heard in it.  Its a dumpster fire., Will this make the movies LESS or MORE sucky?, ""You and Emmerich are out, Hamada.""","First prize a Cadillac

Second prize a set of steak knives

Third prize you are fired.

I used to be in marketing before switching to IT. Alec Baldwin reminded me of my bosses who used to give such ""pep talks""., Its intent is satire/criticism of salesmen, and yet so many salesmen use Balwin's scene as a type of hype-up. Amazing., Jack Lemmon is so heartbreakingly desperate in this film. 

Baldwin, Pacino, Harris, get the showier roles, but its all underpinned by Jack's performance., The actors referred to it, among themselves, as Death of a fucking salesman.","The articles she's written about her work with Hughes were tremendous. She's an excellent writer., Loved her having fun critiquing her own genre as the flight attendant at the end of Not Another Teen Movie

[fucking teenagers](https://youtu.be/v1uRRcsEsnA), I was amazed to see her in the new Dahmer show on Netflix., She was in a pretty popular ABC Family/Free-form show called The Secret Life of the American teenager for like 5 years. And that wasn't too long ago. Like mid 2010s, *""Now you have material for a memoir""* Fuck that asshole, glad she fired him.","I ate my twin in the womb., Also it had a bangin' soundtrack? I mean, I'm still waiting for them to release a full-length mashup of Just the Way You Are/Just a Dream., A cascuse me, So do these websites just see what the Rewatchables is doing and then post an article a few days later pretending to be original?, Really sick of these articles on ""classic"" movies that only exist to fill up quota. Same with Collider content getting spammed, it's completely void of anything interesting. I love Pitch Perfect","If you haven't seen it, *MindHunter* is an outsanding series., Why do you have to tag mindhunter to it like that. The wound is still fresh that the show will not continue and youve to rub salt on it with constant reminder , Sounds awesome.  The Von Erich family is definitely one of the most dramatic stories in pro wrestling, Good news but i got excited because i thought they were announcing season 3..., >Holt McCallany is the latest to join the growing ensemble of A24s The Iron Claw, where he will play Fritz Von Erich, the patriarch of the family. The film also stars Zac Efron","I hope they'll offer double feature screenings with both parts back to back., Its still more than a year away, but I welcome any news that : Part 2 is getting even closer to release., Im up to Muaddib in Dune, and Im so fucking glad I pushed myself to get back into reading. 

The world building, mythos and politics was written in such a captivating manner, that any action that does come up is the cherry on top to all the other stuff. 

Im really hoping the sequels are the same calibre as the original.","It's a pity that people think he's dumb or slow, when he is actually very intelligent, because of his speech problem. He was injured during birth, they used to use forceps (sharp tools meant to aid the birth of the child), and severed a nerve in his face which paralysed part of his jaw., His performance in *Cop Land* is so good and understated. Hes a great actor and has an excellent sense of the film industry., I don't even understand why people think he's dumb. Dude built a carreer by himself, from scratch. One of my biggest idols to this day","Otto? Geez. It's Ove!, Is that supposed to be a remake of the swedish movie ""A man named Ove?, It almost looks like it's his son Colin Hanks in make up, A classic ""fuck you its January"" movie, I hope its as half as good as the original. Love the original film., An adaptation of the Swedish film A Man Called Ove, based on the book with the same name by Fredrik Backman. Worth the read, had me in tears., The book is incredible.  I highly recommend it if you havent read it., My name is Otto, I love to get blotto.","Yes Millie we want you to pose as if youre about to throw a punch, but be a bit posh about it., No Mycroft?, As much as the character of Moriarty is kind of played out and overdone in Holmes fiction...David Thewlis would be a really good Moriarty., This is a truly late 90s straight to dvd style movie poster. 

I enjoyed the first film and will be watching this one but wow. Truly an awful poster., Cavill looks like he just farted and got away with it lol, Henry Cavill as Sherlock Holmes is still one of the funniest castings., Wow","Wheres the penis shaped castle?, Im just glad the mermaid doesnt suffer from the knees in the tail syndrome., Why is the poster more colorful than that entire teaser trailer they put out, Stupid controversy aside, I can't wait to see how lifeless and devoid of any fun or personality this remake has!, But where is the hidden penis?, I just wanna see what Melissa McCarthy looks like as Ursula., I just wish the hair was redder. It looks like dirty rusted iron red, not red red. They're already a fucking half fish half person hybrid. Why not just let them have red hair?","Nice.  I always loved how they used to show them nonstop on TNT or something through late fall., Exshellant, Still hoping for a 4K boxset of the entire Eon-official franchise., And they're in the intended aspect ratio. It changes the look of the movies completely. Say what you will about A View to a Kill, and The Living Daylights the cinematography is amazing and you can finally get a real sense of what was intended. TV really butchered all of these movies., Oh, *binge!*, [deleted], All 25 films will be available to stream starting October 5th.

>Streaming in the U.S., U.K., Australia, India","How was this one?  I remember seeing trailers but it totally slipped past me and I never saw how it was received by audiences.  
  
Edit:  Damn did not expect such an overwhelmingly positive response!, I really enjoyed this one. Very well done, especially for the directors first time out., WOW ZACH, Try your absolute best to go into this as blind as you can. This film goes crazy at parts.

>!I said go in blind!<, Some of the most fun Ive had in theaters since Cabin in the Woods and Malignant.","OK

LA

HO

MA

Oooooooklahooooma, yeah!



Tasty cow, Aunt Meg!


The Extreme! It's the Extreme!


Sooooo many good lines in this movie that I'm afraid Hollywood will butcher the second movie., It is impossible to improve upon perfection, Just bring the attraction back at Universal, I thought the Battleship movie and Clue the Movie strayed a little from the source material, but Twister was by far the worst at reflecting its board game counterpart., Twister is one of my favorite guilty pleasure movies but Twister without Bill just seems wrong. , Isn't Bill Paxton dead?","todd mcfarlane also said he is unlikely to direct cause he is not up to par with the a-list talent, producers and writers attached to the film

its a blumhouse production, it will probably go to some horror director, Not to be overly optimistic, but with Blumhouse producing, established writers rewriting the script and Todd accepting he wont direct it, I think theres a fairly good chance this movie actually gets made., I hope they keep it tight and work the material like Dredd did., Suprised Jamie Foxx is still attached to this but also excited its actually moving forward.","""Fuckin A Jared""


""Shut your fucking mouth"", I particularly find the sobering lines from Pitts character impactful, telling his coworkers not to dance or celebrate too much when theyre betting for what will result in countless people losing homes and jobs.
Edit: and lives. Darker than I remembered.

Does anyone know if this is streaming on any service?, HE'S MY QUANT!, The book The Big Short is somehow even more ridiculous, despite being 100% the truth., This movie and Margin Call make a great, depressing double feature., Ive watched it so many times. Just endlessly rewatchable","this fella *hated* corey feldman. in crystal lake memories you could tell he still wanted to choke him., It's great he at least got to star in last ever Friday the 13th movie right? Because there's no way they would ever name a movie ""The Last Chapter"" unless they really really meant it right?, Yo lots of people dying this week, Blew my mind to find out he did stunt work on Creature from the Black Lagoon, Ted White was great as Jason.  Definitely one of my favorite portrayals. His physical presence fit with the early iteration of the iconic character so well.","Only Tahitian for Moana? Why not add the Hawaiian version too?, They've also had Navajo dubs of Star Wars and Finding Nemo on the site for a while already.  

The kid who voices Nemo in the Navajo dub was really good, I'm curious why they went with Zulu for *The Lion King*.  I always thought the story was clearly set in East Africa.  I mean, practically everyone in the world learned a little bit of Swahili with ""hakuna matata"" and some of the character names.  Kilimanjaro even makes an appearance.  Why go with a Southern African language and not the obvious choice, Swahili?","Engineered to be a slave while also engineered to be smarter, faster & stronger than those he was subject to. 

Roy just wanted to live his own life, but needed more of it to live. 

Yes, he was overly enthusiastic about getting the information he wanted, but who can blame him. The clock was ticking., And the aesthetic.

And the lighting.

And the music.

And everything else.

Rutger Hauer did a great job, but this take seems reductive.","He only has time for coffee., David Lynch does a weather report on YouTube every day. Its from LA, so the weather is pretty much always the same.  Its both mundane and weird at the same time., I think it was Laura Dern who was discussing getting caught up in Lynch's creative process during an interview. There is this notion that all of the usual actors (mostly Dern, MacLachlan, and Naomi Watts) mostly just hang on for the ride. When she went to discuss her role for *Blue Velvet*, Lynch and MacLachlan were in a diner furiously taking notes on napkins","Don't call me stupid., It's K-K-K-Ken! He's C-C-C-Coming to K-K-K-Kill me!, We did not lose Vietnam. It was a tie!, My wife and I saw this in the dollar theater in Carmel, Indiana back in the day when we just started dating. She said; ""You're a really loud laugher..."" I still keep this on my iPad as a permanent download. Still holds up! ...*""You pompous, stuck-up, snot-nosed, English, giant, twerp, scumbag, fuck-face, dickhead, asshole""*, Accidentally killing the dogs one by one was genius., ""My sister's a beautiful woman, pork away pal...fuck 'er blue!""","One of the best characters in the Brosnan era, Walther PPK, 7.65 millimeter. Only three men I know use such a gun. I believe I've killed two of them., Tell him Demitri!.. Silence!, Hell yeah they did. Damn shame they cut many scenes of him in both Goldeneye and The World is not Enough., I love the look he gave Bond before he went out after shooting that lock. It was like an I still hate you but save the world, my friend., ""How did you get in here? I will call security...**and congratulate them!**"" 

*door shuts, showing Bond holding a gun to a henchman's head.*

""Can't you just say hello","Errol Flynn's Robin Hood used live arrows on stunt actors wearing extra padding. They hired a the best archer in the world to make the shots.

Allegedly the stunt performers got paid a bonus for every time they got shot., In Rush Hour 1, theres a brief moment at the beginning of the film where Jackie Chan has to pull his head out from between two metal boxes that were about to slam together. The problem was that they slammed shut quicker than anyone expected, and he was lucky that his reflexes were as fast as they were., Isla Fisher almost drowned while filming a stunt for Now You See Me.","Really excited to see Andrew Lincoln in one of these. Havent seen anything hes done since he left TWD., What a fucking cast of actors and creatives. Cant wait., Oh, Pickman's Model?! That should be fun!, Excited to see Tim Blake Nelson in a horror story., The director of Mandy???

And Crispin Glover has returned!

I'm so stoked for this, I am intrigued by the prospect of a horror movie starring Kate Miccuci and Martin Starr, directed by Ana Lily Amirpour.  The other stuff looks good too, but this stands out to me., This looks amazing. Definitely most excited for The Viewing.","The Oscars arent ready for this., I kinda love the idea that Steve went to college to become a private investigator., Blue's Clues: No Way Home, Another murder mystery?!, Is that Steve!?, Is the guy in the purple Joe?, Yeah, imma need Mr. Salt and Mrs. Pepper (and paprika) to have a cameo in the diner scene., The nostalgia wave just hit me like a ton of bricks. Its awesome seeing Steve return, especially as a private eye/detective., Steves about to carry this whole movie for the millennial parents.","I am uncertain how to cope with the fact that Denzel Washington is 67., Washington and Fanning are reuniting 18 years after Man on Fire

The movie is set for theaters September 1, 2023, I hope the action climax takes place at a Petco this time., Man on Fire 2: Piece of a Man Apart, Find you someone that loves you the way Denzel loves starring in Equalizer movies, part 1 and 2 were 10/10. part one being a solid 7/10 and part two remaning 3/10., If she gets kidnapped again he should just leave her ass.

One time is understandable. Two times and thats just being careless.","The Silent Hill movie was, if nothing else, visually stunning. I get that its not the most faithful adaptation but on its own merits its fine., The movie will be based on the story of Silent Hill 2, which is also getting a [PS5 remake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WEw7jec_mc&feature=emb_logo):

>The movie will be more of a psychological horror. Producer Victor Hadida says that the plan is to ""make it modern, but also very true to the video game,"" and will include familiar monsters (including the iconic Pyramid Head) but updated for the new version., Christophe Gans IMDB is so weird","Uncle Frank seemed to have a good time, I dunno, and then in the third movie Pinhead turned a DJ into a cyborg that shoots CDs out of his chest at lethal velocities, It challenged the sexual norm of not being sexually tormented by cenobites when you solve a rubix cube. 

But the pain/pleasure reward is why people have gotten so fast at solving rubix cubes., That dirty bed still gives me nightmares. And the maggots the guy thinks are on his skin..never will forget that scene., The new one looks good from the trailer","""They call him the Sand Spider.""

""Why?""

""Probably because it sounds scary."", I agree except praising Tom Arnold and not even mentioning Jamie Lee Curtis means you go straight to jail., The chemistry between the Arnold's was buddy comedy gold., I remember the first time I was shot out of a cannon., ""Have you ever killed anyone?""

""Yeah, but they were all bad."", Nah bro. I'd rather tell you to- 

DANA JUMP DAAWN, JUMp, CMOn DAWn Jump DOWN!!!, ""Battery Aziz""

""Get another one, you moron.""","I bet Dwayne Johnson will be a straight laced strong guy who can perfectly maneuver any vehicle and any weapon with little to no issues.


Chris Evans will be a wisecracking funny guy that really gets on the Rocks nerves., So this is the prequel to Red Notice we didnt ask for?, Did Amazon borrow Netflix' movie making algorithm?, This better be about a gay couple and their nagging intrusive neighbour., Does the Rock even read scripts, or does he just do everything they throw at him?, If it has nothing to do with Wedge Antilles, I'm not interested., Red Notice","Anne Rice (the author of the book) wasnt too happy that Tom was Lestat until she saw the movie., Great acting., Fantastic. This is one of the roles I bring up when people say Tom Cruise cant act. He kills it. I forget its him every time. Goldenthal is masterful. Yeah I read the books. That line in Bowfinger seals the deal. FIN","Important to note: not a wide release. Only 600 theaters- which isnt that much, Seeing this on the 18th, can't wait!, Anything in the UK? I know it's in limited showings by the BFI this October but it's sold out. Would love to watch this in the cinema., This better get a Canadian release. I'm assuming it will play at the TIFF Bell Lightbox but hopefully a wider release than just that, Thank goodness. The first was definitely a really good time with a crowd., WE WON!!!!!!, Thanksgiving is this weekend in Canada so I just got prematurely excitedguess Ill wait, But the walrus is Paul, right?","""Most of your time is spent being dead or not yet born. But while alive, you wait in vain, wasting years, for a phone call or a letter or a look from someone or something to make it all right. And it never comes or it seems to but doesn't really. And so you spend your time in vague regret or vaguer hope for something good to come along. Something to make you feel connected, to make you feel whole, to make you feel loved."" - Synecdoche, New York, ""Where are his glasses? He can't see without his glasses"", ""Strange","Hes definitely the bad guy. I loved him in X-men first class too, But will he fall for the banana in the tailpipe?, The title of this film reads like:

Beverly Hills Cop: I dunno, his name? Thatll do., I was gonna call the movie ""Eddie Murphy Is Sitting On Top of the World,"" but now I think I might as well just call it ""Eddie Murphy Can Sit On Top of the World Just As Long As He Has Kevin Bacon With Him, And He Doesn't Sit in the Beverly Palm Hotel 'Cause There's No N*ggers Allowed in There!"", I'm guessing Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon is just plain pointless now","""For the love of all that is holy, please none of you get marred in controversy, PLEASE"". - Branagh probably., These movies are admittedly a guilty pleasure of mine. They're far from the best murder mystery adaptations but I find them fun, A Haunting in Venice:

>Now retired and living in self-imposed exile in the worlds most glamorous city, Poirot (Branagh) reluctantly attends a sance at a decaying, haunted palazzo. When one of the guests is murdered, the detective is thrust into a sinister world of shadows and secrets., Good to see Michelle Yeoh in so much stuff.","Last photo is hilariously different, Dan Smith. BYU, A bunch of warriors and Bilbo Baggins, I love everyone looking serious or distraught and Martin Freeman at the end looking at us like Did you forget about me?, absolutely lost it when i got to Martin Freeman, Bilbo Baggins jumpscare at the end lol, Totally should have made Lupita the new Black Panther - shes right there!, i have always loved Namor. he has spent so much time as both hero and villain, plus he has such strong ties to the fantastic four. so far post-endgame MCU has disappointed me, but namor makes me excited again.","Everyone was talking about how jacked Jonathan Majors is in *Creed III*, but look how swole he got for *Quantumania.*, is he offering me a pilll?, Jonathan Majors has quite the impressive year lined up. Devotion, Quantumania, Creed 3, Loki. Cant wait to see him in all of these., GIMME THAT BLUEFACE, Clubber Kang, Part of the problem of being a shrinking superhero is that nobody gets to see your iconic costume half the time., If he had white eyes, I would've said that was Apocalypse, I have thoroughly enjoyed all of Paul Rudd as Ant-Man, but every time he shows up","What's the significance of the repeated use of white doves in your work?, Have you ever wanted to make another action epic, like Hard Boiled with Chow Yun-Fat?, I used to see you and Chow Yun Fat dining together at the Szechuan Chonqing in Vancouver. In my opinion your collaborations with him have resulted in one of the greatest duos in cinema alongside DeNiro and Scorsese. Do you have plans to work with him on another film?","Is this a parody of the Adam Driver Ferrari movie?, I guess this and Ferrari are another entry for the Twin Films [List](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_films)., Loving the automaker cinematic universe. Looking forward to the Honda movie, Nice to see Grillo getting a more serious (I assume) role. He was great in Warrior as a smaller part, good in the Captain America movies, and his newer film Point Blank with Anthony Mackie was really entertaining. 

Interested to see how good/ bad this is., Welcome to the Ford v. Ferrari cinematic universe!","If you want sort of a preview, watch 'Centurion' (with Michael Fassbender). She plays a really angry celtic warrior, Cool, +2 faith for any city with 3 adjacent forest tiles, Honestly its an interesting complex story if done right., As long as [Enya](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKQwgpaLR6o) makes it on the soundtrack, I'm happy., Been a fan of hers ever since Oblivion., Look forward to watching it, because I think its really bad casting but I would like to be proved wrong plus Boudica has needed a movie about her exploits for too long","I'm surprised he's that young, he's been the silly little white haired guy since he was in his 30's, looks like.

Hilarious actor, sorry to see him go., RIP

He always stole the show when he popped up, and it was clear he was having a blast in his roles., Damn. Going to miss him saying Well, shit., Lord I am about to bust..
 Rip king, He's a tiny gay angel now, >Law enforcement say he was driving in Hollywood Monday morning when it's suspected he suffered some sort of medical emergency and crashed his BMW into the side of a building.

RIP",N/A,"Gone Girl basically had to sell the entire film on its first 45 minutes so as to not spoil the twist. David Fincher talks about it on the movie commentary, I'm pretty sure Psycho was marketed as staring Janet Leigh hiding the fact that her character dies pretty early in the film., Recently, Barbarian. It was marketed as a cautionary tale of trusting strangers, what you get ismuch more bizarre.","me remembering what the opening scene of Barbarella was , Some Sony exec daydreamed of Sydney in that outfit and immediately started making some phone calls to make it happen, Gotta hand it to Sony, they know what's gonna bring in the BIG bucks., If they can get Simon Le Bon to be Duran Duran, I will see the movie in the theater, twice., That's gonna be a yes from me dawg, Wonder what exec will pitch a Zardoz remake with Tom Holland standing in for Connery to go along with this release?, [deleted], I remember not to long ago Robert Rodriguez wanted to remake this movie with Rose McGowan","The original Total Recall should be on this list., La Jetee is on the list. Legit!, Pretty good list missed Gattaca tho, Arrival was incredible, that ending still gets me., Some low budget greats missing. Primer, Coherence., Most authentically realistic: *""2001*"".

Complete silence in space, no rocket whoosh or roaring sounds, no firey booming explosions, artificial gravity explained showing rotating interior, no laser pistols or futuristic ray guns","Feels like the story is his six pack is failing and he wants to do one last big stripper event before his six pack is gone forever, They actually went ahead with a freaking MM trilogy didn't they, Salma plays Helen Keller, who finds a new way to communicate via Channing Tatums abs., Plot twist: Hayek plays a blind woman married to a pregnant Channing Tatum., Is he pregnant?, He does the dance dance and then husband comes home and he does the shoot shoot. Thus it being Magic Mikes last dance., Well since Im seeing this I guess my audition didnt go as well as I thought, I can't stop laughing.","Saw this as a blind-watch in theaters and it became one of my favorites., The score by Jon Brion is really beautiful. It elevates an already wonderful film.

And I love the Halloween homage., This is already 10 years old!?!?, Of all the studios producing stop-motion animated films (or CGI for that matter), Laikas are by far the most beautiful and inventive. Kubo and the Two Strings is a cinematic masterpiece., This movie is so freaking underrated, It sucks that Canada never gonna re-release this masterpiece.","Considering Shakman left the movie, it was never gonna make it's 2023 date. 

Paramount is currently looking for a new director., I really hope we get another Star Trek with Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto as Kirk and Spock. Doesn't feel like there's already a trilogy of sorts but I'd want them to go out with a great final outing before the next actors try their hand at those characters., [deleted], Looks like Matt Shakman is ~~in early talks~~ to direct Marvels Fantastic Four","I wish people would actually read what the man said. 

**I have always considered that I have been making love stories, he said. But I realized at one point that nobody has been saying that about my films. They even laugh when I make that kind of comment and take it as a joke. That got me into thinking about why. My assessment was that perhaps violence and nudity were really just at the forefront of everything. It was just too strong, too graphic. This time around","Hancock totally fell apart. Might even be fair to say only the first act was good., Wolverine

Everything up until he gets captured and taken to the castle is great. After that it just turns into a CGI robot fight, The one that comes to mind is The Wolverine. It was gritty, darker in tone and violent. The action was intense. And then Silver Samurai and a much more effects-heavy and comical 3rd act., Downsizing. Starts off with a great idea and could possibly turn into a quirky fun movie and totally goes off the rails and losses everyone with it's craptacular ending.","Dude. I remember the era that Manny Pacquiao was running the gauntlet of Mexican fighters. Mexican boxers had so many heavy hitters. Morales, Barrera, Juan Manuel Marquez. So many good fights to remember because of these men., Thats great. I'm not sure about other places, but i know where I'm at near LA, Boxing is huge in Mexican Culture. Lots of block parties for the Canelo vs GGG fights., Michael B. Jordan:

>We just looked back, you know, its the history of boxing","It also probably holds the unofficial record for highest number of  ""no name"" actors that went on to have great careers., It's posts like these that really give subs like r/moviescirclejerk the drive to work harder on their stuff, I feel like if you think there wasn't a message then you weren't paying attention., I would argue Band of Brothers or The Pacific if not specifically using only movies. They had high production quality, really showed the grittiness of war, and were based on the experience of real people as well., I dont know man","Poor Janet can't catch a break. Stuck in Quantum realm, blipped, now back to Quantum realm., I guess they recast Scott's daughter again?, Evangeline Lilly simply refuses to do an Ant-Man movie with the same haircut, Does Paul Rudd have some deal with baskin-robbins?

It's featured in this trailer and this movie and it's also what he's buying in Ghostbusters afterlife when he gets attacked., ""Paul you have no good ~~car~~ quantum ideas"", I hope it's more than just coincidence that they're using ""Goodbye Yellow Brick Road"" on a scene featuring well-known Wizard of Oz buff Gregg Turkington.","Meanwhile us Latinos are cast as the token fiery buddy/friend who gives our protagonist some street cred., Please give us a Static Shock movie!, We deserve better writers., Hispanics deserve roles in beloved franchises., Seems the industry is using diversity as a shield against legit criticism though. Plus to squeeze every last drop of life out of existing properties instead of creating new stories. That comes off as more of a form of exploitation by the industry than an honest attempt at inclusivity.",">The Mint will begin shipping quarters featuring Wongs face on the reverse (or tails) side starting next Monday, as part of the American Women Quarters Program  an act of Congress that calls for five women to be featured on quarters every year from 2022 through 2025.

I have never heard of Anna May Wong before, so I guess the program is already working.

Although I have seen her as ""Mongol slave"" in *The Thief of Bagdad* [1924] with Douglas Fairbanks; and, it looks like she had a more substantial role in *Shanghai Express* [1932] with Marlene Dietrich","This was such a depressing read in high school., October 28th, I saw this in theaters earlier this week and its an absolutely beautiful movie, both visually and thematically. I can not recommend it enough, Watched it on Tuesday in a screening which was followed by a panel of the director and some cast members. A truly unique film that deserves to be watched in cinemas. If you have the chance go and see it!, Great book! I hope the film does it justice, Looks amazing.","Crazy that theyre moving forward without their muse., Ah yes. Hope to see another Sandler-Safdie movie that will give me ungodly amounts of anxiety from beginning to end., Doesnt have Adam Sandler, but the Safdie bros Good Time on Netflix has the same panic attack inducing vibe the entire movie and a great watch, ""Sources say it is set in the world of high end card collecting"".

That is such a fascinating setting for a film in general imo, let alone a Safdie Bros film., Angry Adam Sandler incoming., The ridiculous 7 inshallah","Man, getting real tired of all these ""Guess what, you old bitch: that movie you saw in the theaters in high school just turned 20, lol"" posts. , I bought this DVD used when Hollywood Video went out of business., Well it does star a woman (Mila) that never ages, Laser room was fun., The soundtrack is killer., The scene after Alice wakes up and sees the notepad saying Today all of your dreams come true and writing it down to see if her handwriting matches. Its probably the smartest way Ive seen a movie show a character is suffering from amnesia. Considering how the rest of the franchise goes","Its official. The hierarchy of power in the DC Universeis about to change., He also sucks at Pickle-ball! Played him and demolished him!, This guy is like 1 for 15 with movies.  Surprised he was kept there for so long., They shelved Batgirl.  The star of Flash is facing prison time.  Aquaman 2 may be protested for having Amber Heard in it.  Its a dumpster fire., Will this make the movies LESS or MORE sucky?, ""You and Emmerich are out, Hamada.""","""Fuckin A Jared""


""Shut your fucking mouth"", I particularly find the sobering lines from Pitts character impactful, telling his coworkers not to dance or celebrate too much when theyre betting for what will result in countless people losing homes and jobs.
Edit: and lives. Darker than I remembered.

Does anyone know if this is streaming on any service?, HE'S MY QUANT!, The book The Big Short is somehow even more ridiculous, despite being 100% the truth., This movie and Margin Call make a great, depressing double feature., Ive watched it so many times. Just endlessly rewatchable","I'm surprised he's that young, he's been the silly little white haired guy since he was in his 30's, looks like.

Hilarious actor, sorry to see him go., Damn. Going to miss him saying Well, shit., RIP

He always stole the show when he popped up, and it was clear he was having a blast in his roles., Lord I am about to bust..
 Rip king, He's a tiny gay angel now, >Law enforcement say he was driving in Hollywood Monday morning when it's suspected he suffered some sort of medical emergency and crashed his BMW into the side of a building.

RIP","Otto? Geez. It's Ove!, Is that supposed to be a remake of the swedish movie ""A man named Ove?, It almost looks like it's his son Colin Hanks in make up, A classic ""fuck you its January"" movie, I hope its as half as good as the original. Love the original film., An adaptation of the Swedish film A Man Called Ove, based on the book with the same name by Fredrik Backman. Worth the read, had me in tears., The book is incredible.  I highly recommend it if you havent read it., My name is Otto, I love to get blotto.","Everyone was talking about how jacked Jonathan Majors is in *Creed III*, but look how swole he got for *Quantumania.*, is he offering me a pilll?, Jonathan Majors has quite the impressive year lined up. Devotion, Quantumania, Creed 3, Loki. Cant wait to see him in all of these., GIMME THAT BLUEFACE, Clubber Kang, Part of the problem of being a shrinking superhero is that nobody gets to see your iconic costume half the time., I have thoroughly enjoyed all of Paul Rudd as Ant-Man, but every time he shows up","""Most of your time is spent being dead or not yet born. But while alive, you wait in vain, wasting years, for a phone call or a letter or a look from someone or something to make it all right. And it never comes or it seems to but doesn't really. And so you spend your time in vague regret or vaguer hope for something good to come along. Something to make you feel connected, to make you feel whole, to make you feel loved."" - Synecdoche, New York, ""Where are his glasses? He can't see without his glasses"", ""Strange","Really excited to see Andrew Lincoln in one of these. Havent seen anything hes done since he left TWD., What a fucking cast of actors and creatives. Cant wait., Oh, Pickman's Model?! That should be fun!, Excited to see Tim Blake Nelson in a horror story., The director of Mandy???

And Crispin Glover has returned!

I'm so stoked for this, I am intrigued by the prospect of a horror movie starring Kate Miccuci and Martin Starr, directed by Ana Lily Amirpour.  The other stuff looks good too, but this stands out to me., This looks amazing. Definitely most excited for The Viewing.","It's super awesome when you guys *name the movie* where the quote appears, btw :), I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible

(When Harry Met Sally), Broadcast News(1987)

Aaron Altman: And in the middle of all this, I started to think about the one thing that makes me feel really good and makes immediate sense... and it's you.

Jane Craig: Oh, Bubba.

Aaron Altman: I'm going to stop right now. Except that I would give anything if you were two people","I am uncertain how to cope with the fact that Denzel Washington is 67., Washington and Fanning are reuniting 18 years after Man on Fire

The movie is set for theaters September 1, 2023, I hope the action climax takes place at a Petco this time., Man on Fire 2: Piece of a Man Apart, Find you someone that loves you the way Denzel loves starring in Equalizer movies, part 1 and 2 were 10/10. part one being a solid 7/10 and part two remaning 3/10., If she gets kidnapped again he should just leave her ass.

One time is understandable. Two times and thats just being careless.","The Silent Hill movie was, if nothing else, visually stunning. I get that its not the most faithful adaptation but on its own merits its fine., The movie will be based on the story of Silent Hill 2, which is also getting a [PS5 remake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WEw7jec_mc&feature=emb_logo):

>The movie will be more of a psychological horror. Producer Victor Hadida says that the plan is to ""make it modern, but also very true to the video game,"" and will include familiar monsters (including the iconic Pyramid Head) but updated for the new version., Christophe Gans IMDB is so weird","Is this a parody of the Adam Driver Ferrari movie?, I guess this and Ferrari are another entry for the Twin Films [List](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_films)., Loving the automaker cinematic universe. Looking forward to the Honda movie, Nice to see Grillo getting a more serious (I assume) role. He was great in Warrior as a smaller part, good in the Captain America movies, and his newer film Point Blank with Anthony Mackie was really entertaining. 

Interested to see how good/ bad this is., Welcome to the Ford v. Ferrari cinematic universe!","What's the significance of the repeated use of white doves in your work?, Have you ever wanted to make another action epic, like Hard Boiled with Chow Yun-Fat?, I used to see you and Chow Yun Fat dining together at the Szechuan Chonqing in Vancouver. In my opinion your collaborations with him have resulted in one of the greatest duos in cinema alongside DeNiro and Scorsese. Do you have plans to work with him on another film?","The original Total Recall should be on this list., La Jetee is on the list. Legit!, Pretty good list missed Gattaca tho, Arrival was incredible, that ending still gets me., Some low budget greats missing. Primer, Coherence., Most authentically realistic: *""2001*"".

Complete silence in space, no rocket whoosh or roaring sounds, no firey booming explosions, artificial gravity explained showing rotating interior, no laser pistols or futuristic ray guns","Feels like the story is his six pack is failing and he wants to do one last big stripper event before his six pack is gone forever, They actually went ahead with a freaking MM trilogy didn't they, Salma plays Helen Keller, who finds a new way to communicate via Channing Tatums abs., Plot twist: Hayek plays a blind woman married to a pregnant Channing Tatum., Is he pregnant?, He does the dance dance and then husband comes home and he does the shoot shoot. Thus it being Magic Mikes last dance., Well since Im seeing this I guess my audition didnt go as well as I thought, I can't stop laughing.","Hancock totally fell apart. Might even be fair to say only the first act was good., Wolverine

Everything up until he gets captured and taken to the castle is great. After that it just turns into a CGI robot fight, The one that comes to mind is The Wolverine. It was gritty, darker in tone and violent. The action was intense. And then Silver Samurai and a much more effects-heavy and comical 3rd act., Downsizing. Starts off with a great idea and could possibly turn into a quirky fun movie and totally goes off the rails and losses everyone with it's craptacular ending.","They don't want people pushing it for the chance at an award. ""Oscar Bait"" stunts could be super dangerous and people shouldn't be risking their lives for a statue of a guy with no genitals and a sword., this has been asked and answered repeatedly here.

the explanation is very simple. to avoid encouraging riskier and riskier stunts in pursuit of an award. if there is an award, it'll just be a race to the bottom.","Ben Kingsley in The Love Guru., Please. Voight knew exactly the kind of movie he was in and performed accordingly. ""Anaconda"" is a purposefully schlocky creature feature and so an evil snake hunter who sounds like the Frito Bandito totally works., Marlon Brando had some stinkers., In Jon Voight's defense, he used to own a pretty sweet Chrysler Lebaron convertible, It's like you've never seen Al Pacino in a Sandler movie, Cuba Gooding Jr takes some beating.

The Fighting Temptations. Oh dear., Sandra Bullock won Worst Actress and Best Actress in the same year, Bro the entire cast of Gigli.","He's driving race cars and having sex with Alicia Vikander., He met Alicia Vikander and they just had a baby.  You guess what hes been doing with his spare time.

Hes also turning into the new Steve McQueen.  Hes huge into F1.  Just raced in Le Mans, I believe., There are 4 seasons of Road to Le Mans on YouTube showing his progress 

https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKduzfEGbn-H25n-WbyXnYcevAzBXEgOr, ""He started off as Magneto"" is a weird statement considering he was in 300 & Inglorious Basterds before he was ever cast in any X-men movies., According to IMDB he was in an X-Men movie in 2019","How depressingly unsurprising., Every single Black Adam advertisement: 

I kill people.

Every single moviegoer: 

Oh, It stinks! - Jay Sherman, I don't understand why they set up Black Adam to oppose Superman and spend no time talking about his adversarial relationship with Shazaam, who has a new movie coming out., Looks like the hierarchy of the DCEUs mediocre critical reception hasnt changed at all, Mans worked two decades for a sub-50 RT score, Ah, no wonder The Rock was all ""Hey","I give it a month before she leaves and there is no Damon Lindelof Star Wars movie., Until I'm watching it in the theater and the credits roll, I won't believe it.

Lucasfilm has promised so many films that haven't or never will happen., A decade ago, this would have been so exciting to me.

Now this whole sentence is just a series of sad trombones., Let Tom Cruise produce and act in Rogue Squadron, and let him make Top Gun in space, Disney stop please, Canceled/Delayed indefinitely in 321, The discussion around this should be rational., Oh god....they are really clueless.","Eroding, erooooding, EROOOOOODIIIIIIIIING., ""Anal dwelling butt monkey"" used to be my go to insult as a kid., Fantastic movie, you say?

I say.... it's good. It's good. It's GOOOOOD!!!!, ""That's funny because that day is *today*""          
*guy starts shaking*              
**monkey comes down his ass**, I used to work ""back to you, *fuckers*"" into casual conversation every now and again, but eventually had to stop because not enough people saw this movie to get it., How about that Catherine Bell too, Steve Carells debut as television anchor is one of the funniest scenes ever put on film.","Surprising to see Thewlis this well kept in somethimg., No Sam Claflin?, My only real beef with the first one was that the writing was a little weird. At about the halfway point Enola just seems to... forget about the entire plot thread regarding her mother, who pops back in at the last scene of the movie.

Otherwise it was OK-to-pretty-good., Well... they sure do look like movie posters. 
Just trying to say something nice, Helena Bonham Carter has got to be one of, if not the most, typecast people in hollywood. This picture of her could have been from like 8 different movies of hers.","Seems like something The Boys would either fight or make fun of, Can't have Confederacy without the Con., Ahh man, I thought those guys didnt like politics in their comic books and movies, On the upside I am grateful for that real hero who prevented that film from being made.

But on the downside, why was this a thing at all!!?!?, Oh no. However will we ever recover?, If she a superhero, why the gun? Is she Batman kind of super?, I thought female protagonist superheroes were considered woke and went against all the other anti-sjw shit that gets spewed, [deleted]","Whats the difference between a writedown and a write off?, And wb still has massive debt. Thanks to att, Kramer: It's a write down for them.
  
Jerry: How is it a write down?
  
Kramer: They just write it down.
  
Jerry: Write it down of what?
  
Kramer: They just write it down!
  
Jerry: You don't even know what a write down is, do you?
  
Kramer: No. Do you?
  
Jerry: No I don't!!, I just can't help but think there is someone more qualified or better prepared to make these decisions than the people behind 90 day fiance and my big fat fabulous life.",">It's over Johnny. It's over!

>Nothing is over! Nothing! You just don't turn it off! It wasn't my war! You asked me, I didn't ask you! And I did what I had to do to win! But somebody wouldn't let us win! And I come back to the world and I see all those maggots at the airport, protesting me, spitting. Calling me baby killer and all kinds of vile crap! Who are they to protest me, huh? Who are they? Unless they've been me and been there and know what the hell they're yelling about!, >Though Stallone generally speaks softly and carries a loud machine gun","RIPD joins Jarhead and Backdraft in the ""Movies that weirdly have continuations"" category, the first one bombed. why is a sequel necessary?, It has Jeffery Donavon aka Michael Westen, the burnt spy out of Miami. I'll watch this movie, out of respect for one of my favorite TV actors., Jeffrey Donovan is great, so this is kind of a shame. Money is money I guess, but still, dang., Nearly every sequel that got rid of the original actors has been garbage, how do they not learn?

Edit: The question is rhetorical","Luanne forever, Loved her in The Ramen Girl, Rollin with the homies, She was amazing in Girl Interupted too!,  I'm watching King of the Hill and not expecting such complex story lines from her. 

I will not look at a trampoline the same way again, I was an animator on KoTH back in the early Aughts, and had a chance to meet her at a premier party. Her and Steven Root were the only voice actors to come hang and drink with the animators. She was sweet and friendly. RIP, Brittany., Her scenes in Sin City steal the show","I genuinely like Anson Mount. I hope his career continues to flourish. He has so much charisma and acting skills that it surprises me he isn't more famous., A whole new generation is about to find out that the federal government used to do so many super fucked up things back in the day. This stuff is almost so crazy it's hard to believe, but it's very true., Mr Bohannon is back, I'm wondering how many people are gonna think it's a Mortal Kombat movie., Cpt pike is doing a movie? Hell yeah!, Hes great in Strange New Worlds., Hopefully the movie isnt just the quirky little drug experiments","I will watch this duo in anything after In Bruges, Saw a screening of Banshees last night, the pair of them were just phenomenal. Best film and performances I've seen this year so far and by far. The little glances, the subtle details. It was all perfectly executed. At first I thought it might be difficult to seperate them from the characters they played ""In Bruges"" and yeah there is an odd familiarity about it but that's where it ends and the new characters took over and lit up the screen in their own way., I loved these cute shy boys","John Carpenter also wrote a lot of the music/soundtrack for his movies. The guy is an absolute legend. If you haven't already checked it out, give a listen to his ""Lost Themes"" albums. They're killer. Especially the song ""Obsidian"" which reminds me of some mash-up of 80s synthwave and Opeth., Dude made a classic film on a budget of 300 grand. He said cast members had to wear their own clothes in some scenes lol, Also worthwhile if into this:

[Red Letter Media Ranks all 18 John Carpenter Films](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_Nt1_TWdv0&t=1923s&ab_channel=RedLetterMedia)","My wife asked about the timeline of these movies and my answer made me sound like an insane person.

Edited to add spoiler tags:

>!""The second one we find out she's his sister.  The third one isn't about Michael Myers at all.  4-6 are a continuation of 2 but Laurie isn't in them.  Then 7 and 8, she's back, but it's a continuation of 2 again, ignoring 4-6.  9 and 10 are a reboot with new actors and continuity, they make them siblings again but it's a do-over.  Then 11-13 brings back Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie, but it's only a continuation of the original, so they aren't siblings now."".!<","I could do with a verb in that headline., I was worried there for a second,  I saw the photo and thought he passed away., Just rewatched the movie Legends of the Fall. I had forgotten how Anthony Hopkins is absolutely splendid in it., Beautiful picture., I love how excellent he looks with the hooded eyes. Most people fight it, but he just rocks it., Hannibal: The Grandfather Years., Anthony Hopkins is such a gift to the world., Honestly, I can't see him as a kind old gentleman anymore after reading how he treated his own daughter. But frankly","Let me start by saying I dont care about Disneys stake in this, theyll be fine either way this goes. 

I think though that governments want to think about *why* they think laws like this are a good idea. Many of the arguments in the article are about who keeps the money, and its fine to have laws about that, but if Im Canada, Im more concerned about culture than profits. 

America dominants culture all over the world. I dont think thats *purposeful","Ok, who got greedy and took too many movies from the closet?!, I reorganized my staff and now 20% of them are missing., well this sucks to hear. Damn., For such a recognisable brand as Criterion I'm surprised they run such a small crew. I guess they are still a niche brand but 64 people to run their physical and streaming presence seems quite small., I highly recommend their streaming service which is 100 dollars for the year. Its the only one I use and they have all kind of movies in there","the endings made me sad and mad and sad some more but damn it was such a good movie, This movie was tight as fuck. 

Everyone acted *the hell* out of their characters. 

The trashy mom especially. You hate her so much. 

The curveball in the middle was good too., Ed Harris has the best hair/goatee/suit combo of all time. Looks so menacing., ""What? You wanna say some shit, 'Fat Dave'?... Fuck you, make me a Martini you fat bastard."", Ed Harris: ""You molest a child","Mary holland whoops ass. Shes great., Hi, Im pregnant!, [*It's called Nightbitch, Lemon. A neo-horror thriller starring Amy Adams, who is convinced she's turning into a dog.*](https://twitter.com/TSSteinbacher/status/1527305921491529728?t=eiYiSdthfOohVUghdGvhzA&s=19), I thought we'll get a Kick-Ass spin-off..., Awesome for Mary shes so talented., holland is a podcast guest hall of famer, shes terrific, I love Mary Holland! She was so amazing in Shrink on Peacock., For a second I thought they were spinning off the character from Kick Ass 2., Tf is neo horror","I enjoyed it quite a bit. Went a little off the rails by the end though...

Edit: I can't overstate how much Aaron Taylor-Johnson continues to surprise me as an actor. The dude has some serious chops., Is this sex stuff?, I loved the Japanese version of holding out for a hero playing near the end when the crazy action was going, it meshed so well lol. Definitely a fun movie, great to watch if you have a 5.1 surround system.","I remember liking Ghost in the Darkness. I was like 10 though. Need to rewatch it I guess., Chairmen of the Bored

https://youtu.be/lL0WayC7jW0, But I always loved The Ghost And The Darkness ","1. Return to Oz, The Serpent and the Rainbow has some really terrifying scenes, The Changeling is a criminally underrated horror flick. Very little gore, 100% atmosphere, suspense, and chills., April Fools is great and I don't think I've met anyone else who has seen it! Glad to see it on this list., Childs Play scared the shit out of 7 year old me. I couldnt play with my dolls for months., The first Terminator film gets no respect as a horror film. We all know that the sequels are action/adventure movies and get a little cheesy as they go on","""The movie that came before this other movie is this movie."" 

That's a Collider article now. 

Good shit., Cant wait for Nekrokosm., I really enjoyed Beyond the Black Rainbow. Very slow, but a visual and auditory experience. A trip. Literally. 

Mandy was also great. 

His dad directed Cobra., I remember seeing this during a festival and half the theatre walked out. I still think it has one of the best soundtracks, Oh I really enjoyed Mandy, I'll for sure check this one out!, *Love* this film. (A bit more, in fact","Porn movies from the 1970s were legitimately good, sometimes even great films and this is a hill i'm more than willing to die on., > There was a period of time from the early 1970s through the early 1980s that became known as the ""golden age of adult films,"" when movies like 1972's Deep Throat and 1973's The Devil in Miss Jones ushered in an era that took X-rated fare from cheap peepshow ""loops"" to full-length features with well-developed plots, above average production values, and actors who could convincingly deliver dialogue","I just watched Source Code and Ambulance in the last few weeks and enjoyed both of them. I love anything time travel related so Source Code was just right up my alley. Ambulance was the most fun Ive had watching a action blockbuster in awhile. Jake kills it in both honestly., *Man works in peace, more at 9.*, I'm waiting to see him in the upcoming <The Division> movie ... Waiting waiting ..., Nightcrawler was a masterful performance of his., I still think his performance in Enemy is very underrated. That whole movie is very over looked, I love it, Source Code is underrated as hell",">It's not like anything I've ever done

...

>It's a fantasy thriller genre

Oh, Neil., I have evidence that will shock you., It's like he's bored of his own announcement,
I love this guy, Always bet on Breen., #EyesOnBreen, I love how he shot this on Sept 1, had practically no details to share and waited a month and a half to even post it, Breen you've posted an update 2 months late and with zero details- isn't that cheating the public?, My favourite auteur., Thank god, Only Neil Breen can save America, now, EYES ON BREEN!!, FINALLY SOME GOOD MOVIE NEWS, CINEMA IS SAVED","Ive read the novel three times and love it. Cronenberg is one of my favorite directors, but thank god he didnt do the movie. Can you imagine? I think, aside from the extreme violence scenes from the novel, Harron really captures the tone and message of the book. The book is hilarious and so is the movie., Lets see Paul Allens oral history, I live in the American Gardens building, on the 11th floor, my name is Patrick Bateman, Im 27 years old, If Willem Defoe ever shows up unexpectedly and starts asking probing questions, I know I done fucked up.","Man everytime they change scene, i pray: ""please don't be the kid, please don't be the kid""., Is it me or did they not have that scene in the trailers where he was being escorted by jets, For someone who is so deeply anti-murder, Hawkman was very much totally fine with working for Amanda Waller., BEAT HIS ASS, They just need to play ""What I've Done"" by Linkin Park at the end and it would've been a perfect 2007 movie., I'm curious who greenlit the skateboard kid. I find it funny how everyone's immediate takeaway is how bad he is lol","The cartoon sound effects when the kid fell down the stairs made me laugh hard, Jay's opening on the Halloween sequels was hilarious!, Oh damn, and a >!Plinkett review!< to boot., [removed], best thing about this movie was the opening scene, I reckon the next film opens with a sequence happening with Corey rising again thanks to the Evil going to him at the same time they put Michael in the weed grinder and the franchise goes on., The intro summed up my thoughts so perfectly when people were upset by this movie. What did people expect? I saw people saying shit like ""I am angry, upset","Perfect example of how a single film can almost tank a stellar actor.  First SS movie sucked beyond belief and Kinnaman was robotic as fuck.  Then, plays the EXACT SAME ROLE but with a competent script and puts on a performance that couldve carried the movie on its own., Loved him in Altered Carbon and The Killing. He was great in the newer Suicide Squad too., How does joel always simultaneously look like a crack head and a ripped hunk of a man at the same time, I could have sworn John Woo just posted that they finished the shoot for this just recently., Hi, Bob!","The Frighteners. Funny and comedic until the 3rd act., From Dusk til Dawn, About Time is one of my favorite movies and a great example of this. The first 2/3 are a romcom and the last 1/3 is a drama. On a rewatch, you see that the romcom portion is really just creating the context for the drama portion to take place within., Arguably, Kill List. It started as an action thriller, ended up as a horror movie. They did sprinkle a few hints here and there, but it just made the movie more like espionage/treasure hunting than horror.","Husband, without fail, falls asleep right when they start the union interrogation and wakes up when they destroy the bridge. 

Every. Damn. Time. 

It's like magic. The only way he's seen that bit is if we skip the whole movie and forward to it., Fun fact: the scene where Tuco is assembling the revolver was improvised by Eli Wallach, as was the famous line ""When you have to shoot, shoot, don't talk!""

The revolver scene was also paid homage to in John Wick 3!, Hey Blondie, theres two type of spurs, those coming up the stairs and those coming through the window.","Havent seen the second one.  First one, incredible special effects, everything else though It reminds me of everything I disliked about late 2000s ultra-violent horror post Saw.  Mean spirited violence with zero substance, no plot, no depth.  It is essentially torture porn, dressed up as a slasher.

That said Im glad it found its audience and is making the creator some cash, and theres enough going on in horror that there is something for everyone., My man was about to get his head beat in by the main character and whipped out a gun that he never had before","One of the surreal and bittersweet things about the later Rocky and Creed movies for me is that back when the franchise started, boxing was still huge. Now, IRL it's become a shadow of it's former self, whereas in the movies it still gives you that feeling like boxing still holds that place in society., The fighter!, Cinderella Man anyone?, No Diggstown?  I don't dig it., City Lights! It's my favorite film but even I don't think of it as a boxing flick very often. One of its biggest scenes is that match though, so why not.

Requiem For a Heavyweight and The Set-Up are top tier","
Loved loved loved her work in Chernobyl!,  Battlefield 2042?, Good on 'em. My doctor tells me I gotta get my meta score down, I haven't really read about the movie ""TR"" but in Icelandic ""tr"" means tear drop., Theres a moment in the movie where Tr is listing off some great composers, and one of them is Hildur Gunadttir. When I heard it I thought wait, didnt she compose this movie? I had to wait until the end credits to see if I was right. 

Surprised this article didnt mention that, the most meta thing about the score., Will be mad if giacchino doesnt get a nomination for batman","terrific, a six-demon bag, sensational, *How did you get up there?*  
*It wasn't easy!*, Just read the comics.  Hell, at one point he becomes friends with Lo Pan., No, because the point is that he drives into an event that has nothing to do with him and leaves without really learning or understanding anything. 


He's a side character, and Big Trouble works with this gimmick but you can't repeat gimmicks like that in subsequent films.


Think about it. Shit gets waaay out of hand very quickly and just gets crazier ane crazier. Jack is constantly confused. 

It just wouldn't work again.","spoiler: there is no island, just organ harvesting., Details:

>The film is loosely based on a true story and centers on an American couple who turn their backs on civilization to build a secluded paradise on a deserted island, where they decide to live off the land. But Eden proves difficult to pull off, particularly after a European countess finds out about their plans and arrives with her two lovers planning to take over the island and build a luxury hotel. According to the official description, that triggers some good old-fashioned psychological warfare","Ben & Jerry Stiller on Zoolander. Except Ben was the producer in this case., First thing that came to mind was Martin and Charlie Sheen on Wall Street (and Hot Shots Part Deux)., Im just reminded that Robert Rodriguezs then 8 year-old son Racer has a story by credit on *The Adventures of Shark Boy and Lava Girl*., Didn't Kevin Smith have a daughter in some things?, Ethan and Maya Hawke when?","It looks so hilariously stupid i must watch, Need to move it up just one more week and it will be eligible for this years Oscars!, And what about M1GAN and M2GAN?, So it's an actress with a cgi mask on in a buchh of scenes right? I just wanna see the creepy dancing., Another January 6th disaster, #[**FUCK YOU, ITS JANUARY!!!**](https://youtu.be/H18RUB1cxfI), They dumped this on January for a reason. I'm still kinda excited to see this.... I love cheesy horror., December movies are grea- oh its a January movie damn, Is this based on the Key & Peele sketch?","I'm down for anything with Elijah Wood. He always seems like a good dude and he's an underrated actor outside LotR., Elijah and Daniel Radcliffe are in a dead heat for most cool weird movies., Details:

>The films story sees 12-year-old Mildreds life turned upside down when her mother lands in hospital and estranged, American magician father, Strawn Wise (Wood), comes to look after her. Hoping to entertain the bookish tween","Anyone watched Mad God yet? Its not on this list, but I figure stop-motion fans would be the ones to have seen it already., So pleased to see Claymation Comedy of Horrors (1991) on the list.  It's a Halloween favorite of mine, ever since I was a kid.  I had no idea that studio went on to rebrand as Laika.  What a fun bit of trivia, as ParaNoman is another Halloween must-watch.  Great list!, Adventures of Mark Twain is a fever dream... so weird., Anyone else annoyed at the format of this site? Not a single title break on each movie reference.","> ""Studios used to be run by people who had made movies, or at least had some connection to it, but then it was taken over by business and lawyers so people who dont really understand or have a feel for film.

Heartbreaking quote., Michael Jackson would have made a great Edward Scissorhands if he would have been willing to not take over the production and not have any dance numbers, I've really liked both of the animated films he directed as well as his R-rated films, so while I've no idea if he has any plans to return to either field, I'd gladly welcome it if he did.","There's pre-pot smoking Kevin Smith and Post-pot smoking Kevin Smith.  Once he became a pot head he completely changed.  I think the heart attack brought some of those old creative juices back, but it's still never going to be as good as Clerks - Strike Back, As someone who was absolutely obsessed with early ViewAskew (active poster on the original board, authographed copies of unproduced scripts, had the Mallrats blueprints on the wall for years","Rob Lowe doing THE best Robert Wagner impression as young Number 2., Josh Brolin and Tommy Lee Jones (Agent K) in Men in Black 3., Whoever played young Austin Powers in Goldmember did a great job at matching Mike Myer's comic delivery, which is no mean feat., Young vs old actors in Haunting of Hill House was a really good matchup, The kid who played young Jack Black in the Tenacious D movie was scarily perfect. I swear to god there must have been a Delorean or something involved with that one., Jena Malone as young Jodie Foster in Contact","This movie scared the hell out of me as a kid!, I remember watching this back in the 90s when I was a kid. Throughly WTF material back then.  I need to rewatch this., ...and a nose that turns into a penis., Dont forget John candy in drag, those crazy chubby twins though...

*how did this get made* does an episode on this, u might enjoy it, I loved this wild ride, pretty dry humor I suppose?

I can understand why you either really like it or really hate it.

It's the White Castle of movies., I honestly enjoyed Nothing But Trouble. It deserves a second change.","That's insane. I would love to know how your experiences in a Chinese production compares to a Hollywood film. I can't imagine extras in Hollywood films being paid that much to hang about for days., I don't even have much to add or ask, but man I just want to say what a fascinating story, thank you for sharing., They made you play a British Astronaut? That's some serious ""Green Washing"" if ever I've seen it, great story lad, sounds like some serious craic was had., This is fascinating","This looks like Redwall., You'd think a mouse defeating a fox would be good for a Mouseguard., I was looking forward to Mouse Guard. I think it would have been a great story to tell. I have met and spoken with the artist/creator.","Been keeping an eye on him since ""Gook"". Underrated movie., Blue Bayou was good, looking forward to what this guy does next., That last scene of Blue Bayou dooooont leave! Please! Gah right on the feels, *I am the Night Rider. I am a fuel injected suicide machine.*, Blue Bayou was my favorite movie of 2021, I was sad to see how small of a splash it made. Excited to see what Chon makes next., Blue Bayou was a suprise film for me. Caught it on a long haul flight and adored it. Simple and tragic but well shot and brilliantly acted., It is very much Redwall inspired",">With endless love, we left you sleeping. Now we're sleeping with you. Don't wake up. X, One of my favourite films and the opening scene of 28 weeks later if you havent seen it NO SPOILERS is just brutal and terrifying on the same level, The music.. , There is a visceral feeling to the movie, in its visual style and the movements of the infected. 

The music is out of this world, John Murphy's theme for this and his theme for Sunshine are so good they have been used by tons of other TV shows and movies.


I was obsessed with this movie as a kid","I'm such a huge believer in the value of therapy. It's such a shame that it's outrageously expensive and almost never covered by insurance., I love Jonah Hill. Im glad hes in a better place mentally., I was all set to skip this trailer, judging by the amount of comments many have, but glad I checked it out. The friends giving advice when they should just listen moment resonates hard.

Will be watching when it lands on Netflix in a couple of weeks., Oh shit!! Thanks so much for sharing this!!
I LOVE documentaries and JH!!! Ill definitely watch this as soon as it drops!!","The first two Conjuring movies are genuinely fantastic. The third... exists. Hopefully they can recapture the magic., Michael Chaves directing the third installment was a huge mistake, given the fact that The Curse of La Llorona was absolutely horrible and he should have never been given another chance to direct a franchise film.

Anyone other than Leigh Whannell directing it at this point (because Wan won't do it) is honestly a bad choice to me. Whannell understands how to make effective movies; Insidious 3, Upgrade, and The Invisible Man are all very effective films","Akira Kurosawa? I thought he was well regarded, A Bugs Life also fails to credit Kurosawa 


The Three Amigos is a direct parody of Magnificent Seven, so it gets an honorable mention here too, This article seems to unfairly blame Roberts for Newman acting like a baby. What are the rules around rewrites? It seems reasonable to me that Roberts should get some credit for rewrites... Also, Newman took over from Walter Bernstein","Event Horizon is r/movies new Moon and Eyes Wide Shut isn't it?, Fuck this ship, this sub loves to cum on event horizons chest., Holy shit.

Has it been 2 days already?, Mandatory Warhammer 40k origin post., There's literally a post in here every week about this movie. Yes, everyone knows it's good., Event Horizon is a fantastic-looking horror film that has a great cast and a very interesting premise but one that kind of stumbles at the finish line.","The upper room..., ""No, fuck him. Fuck that, 'cause I'm from New York City, goddammit. Nobody take no cornbread from me. That goes for anyone of you motherfucking farmers who wanna start some shit. You fuck around with me, there's gonna be consequences and repercussions!"", The scene where Martin Lawrence's character, in his 70s, seeing the outside world for the first time and realizing how the world carried on without him was pretty powerful shit, See y'all at rays boom boom room., Life is a classic. Jingleleg Jingleleg","Hes in the Chucky series too. Plays multiple roles., Loved seeing him in Hacks., I'd rather have a recreated 20 year old Jessica Alba., This is so good. Introduced my girls to Idle hands last week and its amazing how much it still holds up with the laughs and kills, Final destination is now on the list this week!!!, Haha! This makes me feel old., He really looks like Steve McQueen there, Bring on the Devon Sawaissance!, That movie was my jam back in the day!, I wrote him but he still aint callin, Can I keep you?, Love this movie! A true classic.","Major Dick Winters can do whatever the fuck he wants., Good to see him getting back to work and getting on. RIP Helen McCrory, Hopefully he comes back to *Billions* at some point, even in the last season. The show hasn't been the same., Been a fan of his ever since ""Life"", which I still consider one of the best detective shows., He needs to play Pennywise., He needs to be in more movies. Hes an awesome actor!, YA novels about reluctant people eaters are hot right now., Boo Radley?, Dudes a daywalker., One should be named Boo, <3 my fav. ginger","Sounds like a big clash of styles. Pixars great at what they do but I would never imagine Selick would enjoy having his work fucked with repeatedly., God I hope he makes his unfinished movies. He had this, The Graveyard Book, and The Ocean at the End of the Lane., >Its just how all their greatest successes [have been made]. [They] have their brain trust, and they rip things apart, they rebuild, rip things apart","This movie wasnt well received by critics., But they did do shorter cut which I heard is a lot better, You know what else critics didnt like? 1994s Clifford , It's cause it's made for the fans not critics. Just like Black Adam /s, Thats fine by me, I dont think Ive ever seen an Irritu movie I didnt love., What an insightful comment, Haha. That movie is amazing., He is likely just trying to start a conversation. Very neutral comment, Yeah sure man, This is kind of true, but even in 3D animation you usually don't go back and rip entire scenes. Its easier to do compared to Stop-Mo","Jon Heder in Napoleon Dynamite, Arguably, Gabourey Sidibe., Mclovin, Quvenzhan Wallis - at least so far - wasn't able to reach the same heights of Beasts of the Southern Wild., Hailee Steinfeld is probably better in True Grit but shes really good in The Edge of Seventeen as well and that movie should get more appreciation., Seth Rogen never topped his stellar performance in Donnie Darko.

""i like your bewbs"", Edward Furlong. 

Dare I say his career terminated, Jerry O'Connell in Stand by Me.  I mean I love Hey Dude as much as the next guy, but credit where credit is due.","Very underrated remake!

Viva Savini!, Very cool; now that Return of the Living Dead has found its mass following, the NotLD remake takes its place as the most under-appreciated zombie movie. Its too bad that Savini didnt direct more stuff., Great remake.  It's a real shame the MPAA butchered it., Living in Butler county PA makes you a fan of these movies almost by nature., Love this movie! Many fond memories being a kid and comparing it to the original. I always liked the remake better., I remember seeing this in the theater! Was honestly surprised how good it was.","Patch Adams. 

The real man the movie about had to speak out against and clarify that just about everything in the movie didn't happen. He never defied and got into a legal battle with health authorities. Never stole supplies from a hospital and kidnapped patients for his own clinic. His research was not something as dumb as laughter is the best medicine including being better than actual medical treatment. His best friend who died was a man and was not some chick he was trying to bang. 

The list goes on but I think the picture is pretty clear., Abraham Lincoln - Vampire Hunter, U-571","I saw this film when it first came out, and its always stayed with me.  Its concept is so unique, I don't even know what I'd compare it to. The messages in the dreams is just so cool.  And the ending of this film is a gut punch, followed be a genuine gasp moment, and then we are left with wondering if the good guys won, or only put off the inevitable.  

I've always wanted to see it remade, but only with someone who is really invested in being true to the original story.  I'd love to see it remade with a bit more money, and better actors., Scarred me as a child, *Ive got a message for you","Without doubt. Its a classic. Kurt Russell is fantastic as are the supporting cast. There is not an ounce of fat on the movie. It's great., It's basically an American take on ""The Vanishing"" that's ends up being a lot better than the actual American remake of ""The Vanishing."", This film clearly illustrated why you shouldn't let your wife drive off with J.T. Walsh., I remember seeing this in the theatre with my dad. He loved it. Bought it on dvd when it came out. I recently watched it when he passed away. Still really enjoy it., it was one of Russell's best for sure",">Anyone have any recommendations for similar movies?

Happy Death Day, I think Sarah's decision to become an expert at quantum mechanics or whatever was one of the smartest decisions in film., This was pretty much my favorite movie of 2020. not saying it was ""the best"" just the one I enjoyed the most., I'm so fucking glad I went into this on a blind rec, it's probably the best thing Hulu has put out under their own banner., Most of my enjoyment for this movie came from my love for Christin Millioti.","White Men Can't Jump for street ball., The Wrestler, The casting for Miracle was done in a hockey rink.  Actors had to be able to skate well, with the likely exception of the goalies, who could have body doubles because of the masks and could avoid a lot of movement thanks to camera magic.  The movie also copied the actual events, so the goals looked exactly how they happened in real life., Any Given Sunday, the part where the guy looses his eye on the field /s I kid

Real answer, Any Given Sunday, the part where the guy has a bunch of concussions but let him play.","Just waiting for this to release already. 

Is this going to be watchable without a Roku?, I hope its extremely funny. But it hasnt been released yet, let alone reviewed. 

Headlines like this remind me how MacGruber was promoted., Can't wait for when the truth about ERW picks up traction . This women is impersonating FBI agents and forging FBI documents among other equally crazy shit., [removed], When I first read about this movie coming out, the article I read stated that anyone could watch it for free from the Roku website (sorry I don't remember the specifics)","Rowdy Roddy Piper cried in the cinema when he saw that movie.
Thats real life for a lot of those old school guys., And it makes sense. He won't ever have that relationship with his daughter and Cassidy. He doesn't like working on the deli. All he knows is wrestling. That's the way he's going out. He probably didn't have long to live anyway. Might as well go out like a badass., It's a fantastic film.  One of my favorites.  It's deep, The Ram!","I cannot fathom coming back to work on that set, Good to see they're taking another shot at it, This movie is going to have been through such a troubled production and cost someone their life and lead to a ton of trauma for a ton of people and it's going to finally get finished and released and it's going to be not very good., Maybe it's was such a cut rate production that they didn't have completion insurance (in addition to hiring an unqualified armorer)., Baldwins wife is gonna shit out 3 more kids on celebration., Alec Baldwin has to use finger guns though.","Big Fish [2003]

Going into the theater I was fully expecting a fun Burton fantasy adventure, which for the most part it is. When the credits rolled, I was sobbing heavily. The father-son storyline hit a nerve, hard. I've only ever watched it once since, and it hit me again, just as hard., Click w Adam Sandler.  Henry Winkler made me cry!!, The Bridge to Terabithia.

I knew nothing about it before watching it., i cried like three separate times when i watched Mitchells vs. The Machines lmao, Coco, Pig (2021).","The visuals you want only happen in one scene, but the themes are peppered throughout the entire first season of TRUE DETECTIVE, In The Mouth of Madness is my personal favorite. Color out of Space is pretty solid., Just watched The Endless the other day. Pretty good lower budget film with Lovecraftian elements., I hate to mention it because the fact that theres an Eldritch Horror is basically the twist of the entire picture, but >!*Underwater*!< has a pretty good representation of what youre looking for., Dagon","I did some work on the game that came out when this was released.  We got very few hints as to what the movie was and we made a lot of bad assumptions.  We only had a few pencil animations and a few color stills to go by and the over all story was kept from us.  All we knew is that we had to make a game of escaping the ship by spitting.  

All we know about Lilo was that she had some sort of voodoo powers because she made spoon dolls of her enemies and tortured them., Always loved the tv series more than the films. Not because they were bad, they were good","Clooneys best performance imo., My favourite use of ""X days earlier"" in a movie.

Exceptional script and performances.

Tony Gilroy was recently on Marc Maron's podcast and they talked about it a bunch which was interesting., ""You're so fucked"", Clooney is the master of the slow burner with few lines, just incredible physical acting.

Similar feeling to his movies [Syriana](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0365737/) and [The American](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1440728)., There's so many ways the movie is good but honestly, villain Tilda is number one. She's a terrifying woman.","""Bye bye daddy! I'm going to get a jobby!"" The amount of times Tom Green calls Rip Torn ""daddy"" in the movie is an achievement all on its own., Im the backwards man, I only see one Labaron Freddie. Where's your Labaron?, Hey dad were in PAKISTAN! Should be a more iconic line

Rip Torn is a national treasure 

These are my thoughts on Freddy Got Fingered, I can appreciate this. In some ways I think Tom Green was a little before his time. We werent ready., Daddy, would you like some sausage?, All of the Jewels, You can stick it in your bum bum., Red Letter Media did a brilliant Re:view on it.","PCW doing camera gymnastics in this one. Tang Wei's performance as mysterious woman was magnetic. The movie did an inventive way of showcasing death. Definitely gonna rewatch it soon., Trivia: In the third act, there is a bird's eye view shot at the beach and if you look closely, you can see the waves [forming a shape of a woman's profile](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/GracefulIllGermanspaniel-size_restricted.gif) which represent Seo-rae. It was confirmed by director himself. Park is a real pervert, a sophiscated and well-educated one, Not something I'd usually notice","Thank you to everyone who tuned into our chat this afternoon. It was a real pleasure for me to have some communication with all of you. As Im sure you might know, Im not normally on social media so its nice to meet you and to talk about all sorts of fun things, and especially the movies.

&#x200B;

From Lionsgate: Massive Talent is in theaters everywhere April 22., Would you do a face off 2?, What genre of movies do you like best?, Have you kept in contact with David Lynch?, Do you like bees?, What's your favourite pasta shape?","It's a shame Andrea Romano retired.

She would go through 250-300 applications for roles and tried to avoid casting popular celebrities for longterm roles because they might not be available on a regular basis.  At the same time, when she went with celebrity actors for roles, it was dynamite (Mark Hamill was first cast as the Joker by Romano)., Theres a difference between them fitting the role vs being cast to voice in order to bring the big name. Thats the issue. 

Robin Williams for the genie? Perfection.
Beyonc as Nala in the lion king? No no no.","I just hope the Atreides bagpipes guy is still alive, D E S E R T  P O W E R, YES!!! I'm so glad. I can't wait to see what they do with the second half of the book. It makes me really happy part one is doing so well. I thought it would take a lot longer for them to confirm part two haha, I like to imagine this is because of the tickets I purchased for tonight, > It what comes as no surprise, the sequel forDunehas finally been greenlit for a October 2023 theatrical release with director, producer","Ive always wondered where the Onion gets the photos of people to accompany stories. Are they stock? Do they cast? Or maybe the art director just goes over to accounting and says hey Steve, are you busy right now? We need a guy to posenah that shirt is fineitll only take a minute.   , Human history is all about being concerned with trivial bullshit while your civilization crumbles., >At press time, McDermott had reportedly been whisked away in a hurricane

Gold, I dont care what color Ariel is,  but that crab better have a Jamaican accent., >GAINESVILLE","According to his publicist and longtime friend Glenn Schwarz, Gottfried died from recurrent ventricular tachycardia which is a type of abnormal heart rhythm due to a genetic condition called myotonic dystrophy type II., His YOU FOOL bit on Hollywood Squares was legendary. RIP, I recommend the episode of Historical Roasts where he played Hitler (pretty sure the roastee was Anne Frank). He has a blast leaning into the character knowing it was a green light to be as offensive as possible. At the end another roaster tells him, Hitler, you lost. You lost so bad","He will be 63 when this ban ends.

&#x200B;

Fuck me, I'm getting old., Thats no punishment.  They should make him host the Oscars for the next 10 years.  That would be more of a punishment, Time to go Nicholas Cage crazy and do every movie that comes across your desk for the money. If you aint going to get an Oscar might as well make bank., The Academy:

>The 94th Oscars were meant to be a celebration of the many individuals in our community who did incredible work this past year; however","I really liked that he didnt call them my fans and called them loyal film enthusiasts whove stuck by me. Very humble and down to earth., I came away with my belief that Cage treats his work and audience with a high degree of respect validated. He half-assed nothing in that thread, gave us sincere and interesting responses, and clearly valued the experience., He really answered those questions. Most were very thought out and full of little Easter eggs to his past. And he obviously LOVES what he does. One of the best AMAs Ive read.","It's not a well known TV show globally but if you get to watch Cracker please do.

He was absolutely wonderful in that TV show and many brits of a certain age will definitely associate him with that. It was definitely a breakout role for him.

Such a sad loss, *When I was four years old, I watched my mother kill a spider... with a teacosy. Years later, I realized it was not a spider - it was my Uncle Harold.*, Really liked him in GoldenEye and World is Not Enough. He was perfect as Bond's reluctant ally","Details:
>Chinas major streamers like iQiyi, Tencent Video, Bilibili, and Xigua Video have removed most films starring Reeves following the March 3 benefit concert for the New York-based nonprofit, which is affiliated with the Dalai Lama.

>At least 19 films starring Reeves were removed from Tencent Video, according to the report, with Youku and Migu Video housing the only Reeves title still available: Toy Story 4. However, the animated film now has unusual credits, per the Times. The credits begin in English except for the voice cast","The russian bear is losing to paddington bear. 2020 truly is the weirdest 3 years ever, I'm not sure why they needed confirmation from Studio Canal when there's [a literal Ukranian promotional video for the second film that literally starts with him saying ""I'm again providing my voice for this character.""](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vlb4z9ge5E&t=9s) Which includes video showing him recording for it.

EDIT: For those who are curious","this is giving me mad fred from scooby doo (2002) vibes, I hope this version of Ken is like Ryan in Drive. Says nothing and just stares for 90% of the movie., Every still from this movie looks like it would be a bit in one of those parody movies from the 2000s, He looks plastic or airbrushed. Perfect., He's 41 years old, can we please start calling him Ryan Goose?, Yall ain't ready for the barbie sweep, A system of cells interlinked within cells interlinked within cells interlinked within one Barbie and dreadfully against the dark, a tall white Ken played, Sold separately","Ray was shooting a movie called ""Dangerous Waters"" on the island, and died in his sleep ... according to a source close to the actor. We're also told there was nothing suspicious about the death, and no foul play is suspected.  

At least he went peacefully. What a great actor and gone too soon., TLDR, met him backstage a little drunk at a concert and helped walk him to his limo. 

Kind of a funny storymet him when I was 16 after my friend and I snuck back stage at a Red Hot Chili Peppers concert. It was an outdoor venue and stage was up this big hill","Mod note: Release date is September 6th, not the 9th, 2024., Yellow suit time!, No one's ever really gone., What happens when they add Cable to the mix?, Im hoping the headline put the quotation marks in the wrong place and that the movies title is actually Deadpool 3: Hugh Jackman Returning as Wolverine., Kind of amazing how this all comes full circle. Deadpool was first introduced in a Wolverine movie. And now Wolverine makes his (alleged) last appearance in a Deadpool movie!","Neo slowly turning into The Dude, *This time... the sunglasses are bigger*, Keanu's like ""I'll come back for Matrix 4, but I'm not cutting my hair or shaving my beard"", Did hugo weaving retire or something?, I couldn't figure out who is the one in the back., The Matrix : Definitve Edition, This Christmas, Jesus is back, and he's wearing a leather trench coat., I maintain this is the story:

Neo is resurrected by the machines (you see this in  the trailer)","I see all these worms and I think I want the spice in Walken voice., ""The way your dad looked at it, Arrakis was your birthright. He'd be damned if any Harkonnens gonna put their greasy fat hands on his boy's birthright, so he hid it, in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass."", He is the weapon of choice., ""So you say you're...hwat, the Kwisatz Haderach? To me...I think you're more like the...Notgonnamarrymydaughter...Haderach."", Details:
>Walken will play Emperor Shaddam IV","What's with the sudden influx of Lilo & Stitch posts and articles??, It also highlights kinship care and the struggles that kinship families face. Often they are forgotten by social work but the kids are very much in care as someone in foster care. 

In the case of Lilo and Stitch, we see the parents both suddenly die in a road accident and Nani assumes the role of kinship carer. Social work have involvement due to the clear neglect that goes on in this case - look at the garden and kitchen for examples","> a language disorder caused by brain dramage that affects a persons ability to communicate.

Fuckin terrible affliction, [Statement from Bruce Willis' family](https://www.instagram.com/p/Cbu-CyELWio/):
>To Bruces amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia","Whatever the case may be. If you like his films or not. If you consider them to be flawed or not. He's making original horror films. That's really all I care about. No reboots. No remakes. No reimaginings. Straight up original stories from a director with a singular vision and that's very rare nowadays., Hes come a long way from SLAP ASS, Crazy how he completely transformed his image from comedian to serious horror filmmaker.

I do hope he revisits comedy someday. He is very talented as a comedic actor.","Thor looking like both the art on the side of a panel van AND the guy driving the van., A Marvel poster with only one person on it!?!? Holy shit!, This soundtrack is going to be 50% Zepplin and 50% 80s hair metal, Wow didnt realize it was coming out so soon., The one and only. Interesting....., Man, if this is HALF as good as Thor: Ragnarok, it will be half as good as Thor: Ragnarok., DO YOU REALLY WANNA DO YOU REALLY WANNA TASTE IT?, Giving me strong He-Man vibes. I'm loving it., God of thunder is back","This sounds like a card in Cards Against Humanity, One of my first thoughts after hearing about this Russian invasion was What does Sean Penn think about all this?, This has tropic thunder simple jack vibes. If he gets captured I hope the only movie they recognize him from is I am sam., Ive been to Iraq you know
      
      Sean Penn team America: World police, He's become his character in Walter Mitty., Once again Sean Penn bravely travels to a crisis hotspot in order to bring them vital supplies of Sean Penn., this is the weirdest timeline, I bet Putin is scared now, Bad times at Kyiv high","TWIST: none of the original cast is in it except Chevy., hard to believe Troy and LeVar Burton have been stuck at sea for seven years, RELEASE THE ABED CUT, IS THIS REAL? MY EMOTIONS!, Now here's a streaming service that knows how to order a community film!, The gag of a canceled TV show in another show that lead to a MEME that became a reallity.

LOVE THIS SHOW CAN'T WAIT!!

""Bing Bong Sing along your teams Al gore cause your views are wrong"", Peacock execs vying for 5 meow-meow beans, This is fucking great, but please","His acceptance speech should be Throat Sung. 

Just get up, drop jaw, and **HAU*****RHRUUU*****UHH*****GAHHHHH*****HAHHH*****HHH***

Bow, leave., Zimmer wasn't at the awards because he's on tour in Europe ([Zimmer's Reaction](https://twitter.com/HansZimmer/status/1508243504224358400))

This is his 2nd win (12 nominations)","It's a shame she didn't see 100, but to enjoy good health for 99 years and then die with your mental faculties intact in what seems like quite a sudden way is a life lived better than nearly any other. 

She put it down to optimism!, Its wild to think she was born seven years *before* Anne Frank and Martin Luther King Jr., RIP, her 100th birthday would have been in 17 days :(, Like i'm *sad*, but also she was 99 years old, she lived a long, great life and was beloved to the end. And while i don't think anyone should be, like, *happy* about her death","He's more machine now than man., I think this is something we all saw coming, for better or worse., I guess this makes for an easy Vader cameo in upcoming SW movies/shows/games. At least he was able to give permission, unlike Carrie., Where is James? Is he safe? Is he alright?, What a end of an Era, NOoOOOOOOOOO..., Thats not true! Thats impossible!, ""So I threw the senate at him!"", Why do these articles say the same damn sentence 4times in a row, a different sentence and then the same sentence again?
Its a headline turned into an article.","The old golden glove., DO THEY KNOW HOW MUCH HES SACRIFICED?!, Whyd ya spill yer beans?, The Florida Projectit really showed his range even though it was a supporting role, He was fantastic in Mississippi Burning., ##Hes won [85 awards](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000353/awards). The Oscars and SAGs arent the only awards out there., He's one of those guys, like Philip Seymour Hoffman or William H. Macy, that makes every project that he's in better. But awards are a bit of luck, really","ok but are they gonna bring back the vaguely bat-shaped pizza thing at little ceasars?, Lots of places they can take this. Reeves already talked about Mr. Freeze and the Court of Owls, but theres also >!No Mans Land judging by the state of Gotham at the end of the movie, Gotham needing a new District Attorney, the rise of the Penguin, Riddler is still alive, there was a nod to Hush that might materialize, Barrys Joker, etc..!<, I'd love for the detective angle to continue personally","Estelle and Frank are the most convincing TV parents ever created. She was brilliant, RIP.

**I HAVE NO EYE FOR FASHION!??**, I'm not taking advice from some girl from Long Island!, She and Jerry Stiller are among the funniest TV parents in history., I go out for a quart of milk and come home to my son treating his body like an amusement park.


RIP thanks for the laughs., Listen carefully. My mother has never laughed. Ever. Not a giggle, not a chuckle, not a tee-heenever went 'Ha!, That sucks, wtf am I going to do with all this Paella?, Georgie! Don't eat with your hands!","I heard it'll be 15 min of questions and 1 hr 45 min of freestyling., I fucking knew it, I remember seeing pictures of what seemed like him there that day but nothing ever came of it., Custers look away, Tim and Eric? A24? Andrew? Say no more., I know he'll keep it 55th street. I love his interview style of letting the person show/tell you what they think, it comes out unfiltered.","If anyones wondering, Weird Al wrote this and its a comedy

edit: Im glad I was able to bring the good news to so many! Seeing all the love for Al and UHF really brightened my week., Can Weird Al cameo as Daniel Radcliffe?, Studio: ""Hey Dan, we've got another weird movie for you""

DR: ""Weird? I'm always in."", Sorry, Nolan, but *this* is the biopic that *I'm* looking forward to., I'm still of the opinion that Weird Al could play Weird Al because the dude hardly ages., Yer a Weird Al, Harry","What always strikes me about that speech is how polite and respectfully she said it...and she still got booed and mocked. Even then, she stayed polite and handed it very well. Class act., The folks in the crowd should be the ones apologizing. At least the academy let her receive the award. The people jeering and booing her should be ashamed., The fact that it took six security guards to physically restrain John Wayne and stop him from storming the stage and attacking her in an unhinged fit of rage, as Clint Eastwood laughed and booed her..., 50 years late.","Those are truly amazing prosthetics. I had to do research if it was cgi, or involving any kind of weight gain. Nope. Prosthetics. Absolutely incredible., Somewhere out there, Christian Bale is envious he didnt get the role., The Whale:

>A 600-pound (272 kg) middle-aged man named Charlie (Fraser) tries to reconnect with his 17-year-old daughter (Sink). The two grew apart after Charlie abandoned his family for his gay lover","He deserves every penny. Hannibal was great., Well ya, he lost it all in a high stakes poker game in Montenegro, Mads NickelCents, Might have changed. I heard he bought a cappuccino this morning., Whats the deal with the mads menes lol, >Wow, he's literally me., *It's a peaceful life*, Show off, Watching that scene of him trying to kill Lawrence Fishbourns character in Hannibal was absolutely fantastic, they were both amazing but he looked downright psychotic., That looks different that the picture I saw of him earlier","There is an interesting 2013 movie on the same premise starring Robin Wright, [The Congress](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1821641/). It's so wild that barely a decade ago the concept seemed sci-fi enough and now here we are., THE CONGRESS just became a documentary, Willis:

>I liked the precision with which my character turned out. Its a mini-movie in my usual action-comedy genre. For me, it is a great opportunity to go back in time.

>With the advent of modern technology, even when I was on another continent, I was able to communicate","There are only 2 likeable characters in this franchise (Newt and Jacob) and at this point they really have no reason to even be in the films anymore. 

Fantastic Beasts should have been about Newt's Indiana Jones-like adventures to discover magical beasts with his loveable muggle assistant Kowalski. 

Instead we got this giant mess of a series that is confused about what it wants to be. The Dumbldore / Grindlewald storyline should have been an entirely separate trilogy.","You probably havent heard of me, I havent published in awhile. 

That one cut me to the bone., This asteroids gonna create a lot of jobs. 
- the moment my soul died., Remember keep it simple. No math.

But its all math., I loved the part where Jennifer Lawrence realized the General swindled her out of 10 dollars when he didn't have to; and she couldn't get over it. Months later she's still trying to comprehend why the guy did it., He is a 3 star general, he works for the Pentagon, why would he charge us for free snacks?, When you get a little experience","Nice of the Princess to invite us over for a picnic, eh Luigi?, The extreme realism on the fabrics reminds me of Super Smash Bros. Brawl, I hope it has action and adventure all skipped by Mario running backwards on the stairs to clip to the end of the movie., Im supporting this only so I can get a Luigis mansion movie., That looks nothing like Chris Pratt., The antiques are pixelated, thats fun, This actually looks really gorgeous","Back at the Disney Investor Day, Pete Docter, the chief creative officer of Pixar said of Lightyear, Back when we created the first Toy Story, we designed Buzz Lightyear with the idea that he was a toy based on some really cool character from an epic blockbuster film. Well, all these years later, we decided to make that film."", Chris Evans has made so much money *not* finishing famous catchphrases., Once the astronauts went up, children only wanted to play with space toys.

-Stinky Pete","Now thats a movie I never expected to get made!, Peter Stormare must return as Lucifer. It was just a few minutes of screen time but those minutes were fantastic., Peter Stomare's Lucifer here is one of the best portrayals on film. The white suit, his attitude and slur. Damnation at its thematic peak., YEAH, I'M THINKIN' I'M BACK!, Akiva Goldsman is writing so it's either going to be good or absolutely horrendous..., DC not having the big connected Cinematic universe approach has its disadvantages","On a gathering storm comes a tall handsome man but hidden in his coat is a red right hand (gonnnng), I love Cillian Murphy, man. Ever since 28 Days Later. What an actor. So glad hes blown up in recent years., ""This is fine"", In theaters July 21","He was raised in a cardboard box and forcefed sauerkraut every day until he was twenty-six-and-a-half years old. Theres more, hes been pretty open about his past., The theme song for the Weird Al Show, is actually the true biography.

""Oh, this is a story 'bout a guy named Al
And he lived in a sewer with his hamster pal
But the sanitation workers really didn't approve
So he packed up his accordion and had to move

To a city in Ohio where he lived in a tree
And he worked in a nasal decongestant factory
And he played on the company bowling team
And every single night he had a strange","From The Godfather to Thief to Misery to Elf and everything in between, James Caan could do it all. 

RIP to a screen legend, End of tweet :(, Absolute legend. A lifetime of terrific performances (Sonny Corleone!) but his portrayal of Paul Sheldon in MISERY remains one of my all-time favorites. Rest In Peace., First Liotta now Caan. Tough year for tough guys, RIP. Let's not forget how great he was in Wes Anderson's first film, Bottle Rocket, also. Still my favorite Wes Anderson film to this day., ""Elf"" Legend James Caan, RIP to a legend","Are those supposed to be the penguins that everyone threw off the cliff in super Mario 64?, Mario is greeted by a beautiful magical mushroom wonderland paradise. Luigi gets an awful haunted mansion full of lava and undead turtles trying to kill him. 

That's pretty on point., Love the penguins from Mario 64, I honestly think thats the best voice youre gonna get from a talking Toad without it grating on the ears., If toad doesn't yell ""I'm the best!"" like in mario kart ill be disappointed, Bowser looks fucking badass. Jack Black's definitely going to steal the show.","Wow she was just at the academy museum for the apology, Fuck, didnt she just receive an apology only this year from the academy?, 

>Sacheen Littlefeather, the Native American actress and activist who took to the stage at the 1973 Academy Awards to reveal that Marlon Brando would not accept his Oscar for The Godfather, has died. She was 75.

>Littlefeather died Sunday at her home in the Northern California city of Novato. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which reconciled with Littlefeather earlier this year and hosted a celebration in her honor just two weeks ago","She died of metastatic (Stage IV) breast cancer, this is when breast cancer metastasizes to other places in your body outside of your breast.   The most common places it goes are bones, lungs, liver, distant lymph nodes, and brain.   I am in my 30's and going through my fight with it now, I was stage 1 in 2016, and then found out it had spread to bones and lung lining in 2020.    Stage IV breast cancer needs more research for more treatments and more hope for those with a metastatic diagnosis.  Once it has spread to distant locations in your body, beyond your breast and local lymph nodes","Fingers crossed, since Trachtenberg has a pretty good record., If this works out get ready for vikings, roman, or zulu themed versions., Should we make the prediction that the native americans here will be retconned as ancestors of Billy from the first film, and that's why he was the first in the group to sense the Predator's presence? Might not be stated explicitly in the plot, but be explained in behind the scenes material or something like that., I knew Dan in middle school/high school (mutual friends). Hes one of those guys who youre really happy to see have so much success.","Her first film was in 1944 and her last in 2022. What a career., My heart dropped. I used to watch Murder she Wrote with my grandma. Bednobs and Broomsticks was one of my favorite Disney movies. I was just listening to the soundtrack last week. Rest In Peace Ms. Lansbury, you brought a lot of joy to me., She also played an all-time great villain in The Manchurian Candidate., (Beauty & The Beast) Perhaps the most touching Disney song ever recorded. 
Her voice is so good you can feel the warmth and emotion coming through. What a lovely singer and actress - she will be missed!","Is Butterbean OK?, Must not be bad cause he is in the Royal Rumble this weekend, If youre gonna be dumb you gotta be tough, To put it in perspective, he scored 17/100 on an attention exam. My 88 year old grandmother with dementia recently scored 18/100, and this was cause for serious concern., But in the trailer Steve-O said concussions are only bad if you're over 50. And Knoxville is just 49., Johnny is one hundred percent developing CTE sooner or later at this point.","See Bruce Wayne can't be Batman because they are in the same poster., Did they model the Riddler after the Zodiac Killer?, Is that Harvey Weinstein?, Bruce Wayne looks like penguin from the show Gotham, THERE IT IS, FOLKS! THE DREADED FLOATING HEAD POSTER. Not even Batman could escape it., Is Catwoman's head from a different photo to the rest of her body?, Im so excited to see the new Crow movie!, Mmm needs more red and orange, Colin Farrell has become such a chameleon., You sure this isn't fanmade? It doesn't look like an official poster., [deleted], wtf is that bdsm riddler","That's the same case on television wayyyyyy long ago when they speed up the credit and make it PIP with promo of their next program. large part of viewer don't watch credit, so they just keep doing it, Can we also talk about how they automatically start the movie you are reading the synopsis of? I mean, I didn't say I wanted to watch this movie, I'm just interested in what it's about., Yeah they definitely should add an option for this.","Ever seen tj maxx on Black Friday, kids got experience, He was really good, hope to see him in more projects., This is as far as I go. He killed that scene., This is by no means an insult to his or anyones physique in the movie, but I really appreciate that they were shown to be thin warriors and not huge Hollywood muscle factories., Would be cool to see him play Turok Dinosaur Hunter, My boy was a badass in this movie. Was giving predator the absolute work until the cheap bastard went invisible with that sneak attack., That jawline deserves an Oscar., I loved when theyre doubting themselves","Well in fairness, he did also write Swingers.

Dinner for Five offered great insight to how passionate the guy was/is about filmmaking., My favorite Favreau tidbit is that he was the birthday clown on the episode of *Seinfeld* whom George shoved out of the way when there was a fire. 

https://youtu.be/_irB0PIN_Ko, I just want to know if he ever became the Ultimate Fighting Champion or not., Gutter from PCU has really cleaned up his life!","[deleted], Wasnt Apocolypto all indigenous people?, I just liked how simple this one was. I do not need a bunch of exposition or detail discussion about why predators do what they do. Id like to know where they come from sure, but mainly I just wanna see them hunt
This was a good, simple predator movie.
I hope we get more., I remember watching the first predator movie as a kid and totally creeped out by how scary and menacing the Predator was. Im happy to say Preys predator creeped me out as well and Im now a full grown adult. It definitely did not skip abs day.","Details:

>Daniel Radcliffe is set to star in the title role of WEIRD: The Weird Al Yankovic Story for Roku, the company announced on Tuesday. The film will focus on the prolific career of the Grammy-winning musician and pop cultural icon.

>Produced by Funny Or Die and Tango","The original Jon Bernthal, Bummer.  Always liked him.  RIP, Legend in Road trip, His performance as Gus Grissom in The Right Stuff was excellent. RIP., Loved him in Joe Dirt, I watched Naked Gun 33 so much when i was growing up., RIP, man its getting tough seeing these celebrity/actors moving on.  Seeing them in movies throughout the years always gave me a sense of growing up along with them unfortunately highlighting my own mortality.  Thank you for the many roles you have undertaken, Rest In Peace sir., RIP Remo, the adventure has ended.","Rainn Wilson as Doctor Demento?!? I listened to his show when I was in college (mid 80's)  and I can't think of a better casting choice., I'm gaining so much respect for Radcliffe as an actor. It would have been supremely easy to take roles as benevolent as Harry Potter or just lay on the beach having umbrella drinks with his Potter earnings, but no, he dives head first into some really oddball characters. Not only that but he plays them very well. Props.","Id say prepare for more 80s blockbuster sequels you never thought would happen., The legs on this thing... The IMAX screening at my local theater today is almost sold out. Wild., It is also one of the few $1B films that the domestic gross is greater than the foreign. The Dark Knight (also no China release), Black Panther, and Rogue One being the others. Whoo!, Incredible performance. Only the second billion dollar movie since the pandemic started. People really do love fast jets., Couples of years ago","Not only that, but he also declined to have a screen credit for the first two films. 

>Q. Just wondering: How come you didnt take a credit for Darth Vaders voiceover in the first Star Wars?

>A. The first two. You know the story, dont you? When Linda Blair did the girl in The Exorcist, they hired Mercedes McCambridge to do the voice of the devil coming out of her. And there was controversy as to whether Mercedes should get credit. I was one who thought no","[According to Variety, this was done for tax purposes.](https://variety.com/2022/film/news/batgirl-movie-why-not-releasing-warner-bros-1235332062/) That is an unsourced claim and therefore not able to have its own post, but since it's an update to this story I thought I'd leave it here., A minute after this story posted got a call from a rival studio exec who was floored by move. ""Worked in this town for three decades and this is some unprecedented shit right here.""

Via @deadline","Farming ??? A man of your talents??? 

Its a peaceful life, I wish I had his cheekbones. And jaw.

Ok his whole face, I loved Mads Mikkelsens character in Rogue One and I can totally remember his name I swear., I liked him in the best movie in which I think is Death Stranding., Mads Mikkelsen always perpetually looks like he just watched a dog trot into a house fire., I prefer him as Hannibal Lecter, I am out of the loop. Is there some reason every-other post in r/movies is about this guy today?, That's Eva Green, Anyone want to clue me in on why Mads is trending around reddit today?","Reminder that the movie is based on a book which the author insists is a fictionalized account of Marilyn's life and should not be read as a biography: https://www.amazon.com/Blonde-Novel-Joyce-Carol-Oates/dp/0061774359, Ana De Armas looks the part and she is no doubt a talented actress, but I still wonder if she can pull off the accent. Everything I've seen her in, she uses her natural accent.","Do we know if Feynman will feature?, Cool finally seeing Cillian as a lead in a Nolan flick! 

 He always killed it as a supporting character in his films., Nukey Bombders, Yep, that's Cillian Murphy in a hat., Looks great. It's fantastic to see Cillian Murphy get a leading role in a big movie, he's a terrific actor and no doubt he'll knock this role out of the park, Production has officially begun on Christopher Nolan's 'Oppenheimer', set for a July 21","Adam continues his quest to play every famous Italian, I want you to beat Ford at Le Mans.  SMASH them into the ground. GRIND THEIR BONES INTO DUST!, Man I cant wait for the Ford v Ferrari cinematic universe, Mann is back, cant wait., Adam Drivers Agent: well in this role you get to play a rich Italian

Driver: More

Agent: how about Gucci?

*Driver clenches fist*

Agent: Ferrari too?

Driver: MOAR!!!!!, Heheh, Driver, How many of Vinnie Chases movies have now been made in real life. I think this makes three. Aquaman, Gatsby and now this.


Edit. Spelling","Streams December 23 on Netflix

Itll premiere at Tiff next month with a limited theater release before it hits streaming.

Cast:

* Daniel Craig as Detective Benoit Blanc
* Edward Norton
* Janelle Mone
* Kathryn Hahn
* Leslie Odom Jr.
* Jessica Henwick
* Madelyn Cline
* Kate Hudson
* Dave Bautista
* Ethan Hawke, First Katherine Langford now Madelyn Cline, I think Rian Johnsons guilty pleasure is Netflix teen shows.","https://twitter.com/bobsaget/status/1480097652851286017

He finished a set less than 24 hours ago and said he felt excited about getting back into it. Crazy how one can go from that to suddenly gone., [deleted], For me the best Bob Saget was seasons 6 and 7 of America's Funniest Home Videos when he was locked in his contract and didn't want to be there any more. The sheer chaos of those seasons is something so wonderfully hilarious and absurd","Interesting article especially since Russian creatives made arguably one of the best depictions of the hell that is war., I am undecided in that Russian cinema has historically been one of the few areas of public life that Russian creatives were allowed to express opinions in their art that were divergent from the official policy positions of the party in control., No. If a singular director or producer comes out as a flat out supporter of these actions, you can boycott that individual.","So many lives destroyed for nothing. This breaks my heart. Rest in peace., So depressing. Going by his Instagram he was living a pretty easy life and had a bright future ahead of him. The fact so many Ukrainians are going back to fight for their country under such dire circumstances is truly amazing. Not sure I've ever respected a country more., The actors credits include 2019 comedy Meeting Of Classmates, 2017s sports action film The Fight Rules","Jim Steinman, who wrote and produced Meat Loafs records Bat Out of Hell 1 & 2, died less than a year ago. In an interview about Steinman, Meat Loaf said I dont want to die, but I may die this year because of Jim. https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/meat-loaf-remembers-jim-steinman-1160041/, Many years ago I took a trip to LA with a friend from the UK. She wanted to do all the touristy things so one thing we did is get a map to the stars homes. Meatloaf was on the map- listed as ""Loaf, Meat"". 

We did drive down his street. 

Rip Mr. Loaf, Its okay Cornelius, you can cry too","I just watched a YT video that says operating cost for most fighter jets struck closer to $30-40K per hour. 

Sounds like 11K is a steal, \*Cruise slowly reaches up to touch the controls\*

Actual fighter pilot: so help me God I will eject you

\*sad Tom Cruise noises\*, Pilot: Its so easy even a child could fly it. 

TC: Can I fly it?

Pilot: Of course you cannot., This is one of those perfect headlines where you get all the info you need and have no desire to click on the article.


Edit - But folks should click on it to reward the decent non-clickbaity headline., $11","Great medium for immortalizing a language, Awesome, this looks really cool, and right up my alley overall. This reminds me of [Edge of the Knife](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnbOw5Nuq2U), a Canadian independent film that was released a few years back which was entirely in Haida, which has less than 500 remaining speakers, and 24 native speakers. Really good film, and I highly recommend it to anyone interested in this film., Useful reference list for those interested in Indigenous films worldwide: https://boxd.it/bf9i4, In a similar vein","Do they go to Olive Garden in this one?, [removed], I would love a tongue-in-cheek joke about Robotnik making an evil robot Sonic to try and pretend to be the real Sonic but it looks like the original design and everyone is freaked out by it., Somebody should edit this and add the image of Green Goblin on his glider thats on all the Spider-Man posters in the background., R-rated Shadow the Hedgehog movie when?","That is Matt Damon playing Leonardo Dicaprio, Poor Timothee Chalamet just isn't getting any work these days. 

I only saw him in three films last week in the theatre., [deleted], Jesus, is Chalamet in everything now or what, Why does every picture from this movie look photoshopped!! I can't figure it out, **This is a comedy, btw**

^Do ^what ^you ^will ^with ^that ^information, Why does Leo look like his face is too small for his head?, All I know about this movie so far is that their wig work is subpar, [deleted], I don't know anything about this film","I was watching The Hot Ones episode with Matt Damon last night and he addressed this issue with Sean Evans. He said that since movies don't have the second revenue of DVD sales that you are looking at close to $100 million for most middle of the road movies anymore and that the risk is too high for these companies to finance. That is why there aren't as many good movies that gain traction after their releases. Here is the [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaXma6K9mzo) if anyone wants to check it out., Like Bo Burnham said well stop beating this dead horse when it stops spitting out money","A lot of people argue that Chris Pratts actions shouldve been a mid-story twist instead of shown right at the beginning. If the audience had a chance to genuinely fall for him and THEN realized that he caused this to happen it would give the whole concept more nuance. It would be easy to hate him but by this point it would also be easier to sympathize with his loneliness.

I mean, he still shouldve died too but at least this way the story has more punch.","[Guillermo del Toro:](https://www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2022/06/guillermo-del-toro-pinocchio-first-look)

>Ive always been very intrigued by the links between Pinocchio and Frankenstein. They are both about a child that is thrown into the world. They are both created by a father who then expects them to figure out whats good, whats bad, the ethics, the morals, love, life, and essentials, on their own. I think that was, for me","2022, raw and unfiltered bat returns to strike global terror and continued supply chain issues., I get the impression from their marketing that this one has Batman in it., Where are the other drugs going??, I can hear the theme in my head., Good to see Abed got his wish, Please God no pyramid heads poster. This style I likey., I'm really digging all the red they've used in the promo material so far. And the concept of focusing on a younger, more unstable detective Batman sounds really intriguing.","Once one of the majors, now this. I wonder how the James Bond IP will do now. I know they were really hesitant about this deal., I'm looking forward to the corporation wars! I hope Taco Bell wins!, Bezos just bought it so he could legally stop people calling him a Bond villain., HEY ITS THE 20S AGAIN CAN WE BRING BACK TRUST BUSTING PLEASE, Breaking News: Amazon buys Boardwalk, anyone who lands on it will be conscripted into indentured servitude, have a nice day!, Q-branch integration of Alexa and other Amazon-branded products will be interesting to see, [deleted]","Well, Daniel, you are an odd fellow, but I must say... you steam a good Glass Onion., No Ethan Hawke?, I see Mamma Mia 3 is taking a different turn, I fully expect the third installment to be titled *Champagne Supernova: A Glass Onion Mystery Presented by Knives Out*, Premieres December 23 on Netflix

>Youre invited to put the pieces together. In the follow-up to Rian Johnson's Knives Out","It starts with a fantastic opening scene and it never looks back until the closing shot.

Such an amazing, magical movie. Ill easily watch it anytime to this day but I wish I could see it for the first time again., Lady Eboshi is such a perfect antagonist because it's like the only time I believed a character like that wasn't after power (At least not power alone) a la those mustache twirling villains who want to bulldoze the summer camp to make way for a factory inexplicably. But it's not a ""the villain is right"" scenario either","A huge element to me is the fact the world building is terrible in them. Harry Potter was much like star wars, in that the world had so much crazy stuff going on, you wanted to live in that world. The fantastic beasts movies are literally just an older new York, where really nothing new is learned about the magical world, just a couple of very boring characters with poorly wrote story lines","Dr. Strange: The Shattered but Whole, I look forward to the 25 minute YouTube videos explaining which facial hair actually belongs to Tony Stark, Who's the zombie?, Well at least they didn't do a formulaic floating heads poster, I'll give em that., Looks like a sandworm., [deleted]","I'm just waiting for Al to star in the Daniel Radcliffe story., I'm optimistic this may be the first biopic about a musician whose life wasn't eerily identical to every other musician who has had a biopic., There's a Roku channel?, I went to see Weird Al this past Sunday and he is so good live. At one point during the show, he said, ""We wrote a song for the end credits of the movie and would like to perform that now... But we can't because we signed an NDA.""

He is such a great performer and a genuinely nice guy. Also, Emo Phillips is hilarious.","It's also banned in Malaysia., So who kisses who, Weird they oppose a same sex kiss in a movie since according to Pornhub Saudi Arabia's most searched porn is Lesbian porn., Same in China, Wait, who is gay in the movie? Not that it matters,  just genuinely curious, For such a homophobic country they sure love having a stick up their asses., Its interesting how Disney seems to check the waters with lesbian characters but is still avoiding gay male characters., *gasp*

I cant believe it!, Thats one way to create a buzz, [deleted], Amazing how many snowflakes you find in a desert, Oh no","YO STACY! Talk to me talk to talk to me BAY BAY, Plus those Powerline songs are fire , Goofy explaining how he just wants to be in his son's life... 

And how could you forget the Leaning Tower of Cheeza?, My favorite part is Max being embarrassed of his Hyuk.  Before Roxanne tells him at the end that it's what caught her interest, you see a girl in the school hall look interested when he does it before his stunt., Im not sure whats driving this A Goofy Movie renaissance","Dwayne: Also, aim for the bushes, Dude acting is the easiest shit ever. You just be yourself on screen and you make fuckloads of money.

-The Rock to John Cena probably, Vacation Friends and Peacemaker have cemented Cena as a good comedy actor in my opinion. I do like him somewhat serious roles, but his Peacemaker is just on point. Perfect amount of funny and serious., The Rock seems to have taken his own advice to the extreme, though., John Cena's scenes in Trainwreck will be forever etched into my memory., Based on Peacemaker this was good advice. He played that character perfectly","I am never going to see a Merman :(, The little Japanese school girl saying The evil is destroyed while holding a frog in her hands and the American guy cursing at her on TV is the funniest thing!, I could have just watched a whole film with Bradley Whitford and Richard Jenkins being quippy and sarcastic in an underground facility tbh., I interned with the audio post house that did the sound for Cabin and it was magical. I was lucky enough to be the intern on stage when they printed it to film","One of my biggest take aways from rewatching the X-Files recently is how all of the supporting characters were just average looking people. Great actors, but they looked like your neighbors. It really helped immersion and I loved it., There was a comedian (I cant remember his name) that had a joke about monsters ball with Halle Berry. She played a broke mom living in poverty. He was like the whole time watching it I was thinking why doesnt she just become a model and make some money

Edit: Jim Gaffigan. Thats who the comedian was.","How much more betrayal can I take? 

RIP Paulie, Sonny Corleone and Paulie Walnuts within 2 days. Awful., He killed 16 Czechoslovakians! Guy was an interior decorator!

RIP, Sopranos co-star Michael Imperioli shared the news:

>It pains me to say that my dear friend, colleague and partner in crime, the great TONY SIRICO has passed away today. Tony was like no one else: he was as tough","Christian and Matthew decided to [fight each other for real](https://youtu.be/UP0jznDoYas#t=02m15s) during one take of their fight scene and the head butt was improvised, which pissed Christian off., I always felt the movie dropped off in the 2nd half. I then read that an investor pulled out during the movie and instead of having an ""army vs a lot of dragons"" ending with skydiving and tank blasts, they had to scramble and film an ending in a quarry somewhere. Wouldve loved to see the intended ending., I loved the scene where they're acting out the Vader/Luke scene from ESB.

Honestly","Does this one have a little sister telling the entire planet her brother is a useless virgin every 3 minutes?, 2 Hocus 2 Pocus, Tis firm!!, BOOOOOOOOOOOK OH BOOOOOOOOK, ""Oh, look. Another glorious morning makes me sick!"", Im so ready for return of full on ham Bette Midler. The first one is just a really fun 90s movie., Sisteeeeers!, Gonna be a bummer not having Garry Marshall around to play fake Satan., How many kids souls did they suck for this to look like a picture perfect replica of the original, These three chewing scenery again? Sign me up. ","She feels like an actual kid.  Many times in films they struggle to write kids.  They end up sounding either like little adults, or just caricatures.  Lilo comes off as a believable kid.

And the dynamic she has with her sister is the most interesting part of the film to me honestly.  It more complex and nuanced than most films like this would have made it.  And Nani is very sympathetic in her own right., The fact that they allowed her to have anger issues and attention deficits blew my mind back then","That poster was probably ready to go before they'd ever shot a minute of this film, I 100% thought this was satire, ...is this real?, Oh bother, The tagline isn't ""You'll Pooh yourself"". They're doing it wrong., Winnie the Pooh entered the public domain earlier this year, which is why this is happening. Disney still owns the trademark to the 'Disney' version.

Synopsis:

>The movie will follow Pooh and Piglet as they go on a rampage after Christopher Robin abandons them. Winnie the Pooh: Blood and Honey will introduce a feral version of the treasured characters","I still throw in ""would you like to know more?"" when explaining anything to anyone., Mobile infantry made me the man i am today!   


*Spins chair around, missing almost every limb on his body.*, What a classic. When this came out 13 year old me convinced my animal obsessed, Very sweet and nave Japanese grandmother to take me to see it in theaters because there was a bunch of animals in it. She kept a worried and exasperated face on her most of the movie while every once and a while Id say, grandma","The actress was also the lead 'cool girl' in zz top's legs video., So you're saying that Bustin' was a euphemism that kids kept yelling in the 80s, but adults kept a straight face around it?

Edit: For age reference, I was in Kindergarten when Ghostbusters II came out. And I recall it being a turn of phrase shortly after that, but I chalk that up to awareness., I was under the impression Ray got a real life ghost blowie., i was 9 in 84 and had no clue what was happening on the screen, Fun fact, that scene in the dream sequence was salvaged from a deleted scene","#ITS SOCIETY TIME BOYS, Tod Phillips shares the update on Instagram ([Source](https://www.instagram.com/p/CehX0rGPxQi/?igshid=MDJmNzVkMjY=)) 

Titled ~  **""Joker: Folie a Deux.""**, he better get to starving himself then /s, Will this be based on Raging Bull or After Hours?, You jokin' to me? You jokin' to me? Well I'm the only one here. Who the hell you- you jokin'to me?","Im 45 and not yet super old but its eerie seeing icons from your childhood played by child stars from your adulthood., Always excited for a movie with Daniel Radcliffe, Daniel Radcliffe is very versatile of an actor, he is literally like a *Swiss Army Man* of acting, > The movie is billed as **the unexaggerated true story about the greatest musician of our time. Weird,** which has a runtime of 108 minutes, is slated to premiere on the free",N/A,"It's been 84 years, Cameron is to water what Tarantino is to feet., FAMILY

Ava2ar, There is no better love story than James Cameron and a massive fucking body of water., How long will this movie be in starting the bidding at 250 mins, I saw this preview in 3D before Multiverse of Madness. It looks stunning, and brought me back to 2009. 

I highly recommend Multiverse of Madness in 3D anyway, but this trailer in 3D is an added bonus., James Cameron said he's interested in making 2 different versions of each Avatar movie.

One with the run time he wants","By the time this comes out, we might need to raid gastown just to fuel up to go see it., With the changes at WB basically every project that hadnt started filming I had worries about. So glad this is still moving forward. What a lovely day, Document the hell out of the making. I want to read that book next! Blood sweat and chrome was an amazing read, This movie has exactly one too few Charlize Therons in it., What a lovely day., Is Anya Taylor-Joy in every movie right now, or is it just me?  (Not that I'm complaining)., It's FuriOsa, not FuriosA","Uncle Phil raised you right Will., [deleted], I too was impacted, Will. 

Will?","""documentary breaks box office record"" feels like a brand new sentence, I hope China doesnt run military exercises in Taiwan, yes, You guys should watch ""Winter on Fire"" (hope I got that right) on Netflix, a documentary telling the story of some of the Ukraine - Russia conflict around 2013-14

Edit: it's not literally about the 'Ukraine-Russia conflict', but it ties very much into what's happening now. Anyways, I'm just tryna recommend it without trying to sound dumb, I mean if there was ever a target audience out there, this would be it. Taiwan is the holy grail for that kind of documentary","Here's the link [on Medium.](https://medium.com/@tonyszhou/postmortem-1b338537fabc) 

The article itself is a really great read and also says what I think could be the only thing they could have said that makes me feel at peace with their departure. 

200 hours of time for the Jackie Chan video? My God. 

They really set precedent for what it takes to create good content, and I'm inspired by them articulating their efforts.

A great goodbye., One of the few legitimately informative and interesting  movie-based YouTube channels. Its a shame. We need more channels like this","I totally agree that it isnt an ""out of nowhere"" hit, but for me the movie is something special because it takes a very serious issue facing the world (mental illness) and boxes it into the most popular genre of movies (comic book) so it is seen and talked about more than if it was a Black Swan or some other art house film. Yes mental illness is implied by some of the films you mention (Psycho","I doubt Dwayne Johnson actually has it in him to give a strong, dramatic performance.  He's got plenty of charisma and showmanship honed in the pageantry of WWE, but that doesn't mean he has the capacity to genuinely act.  Whatever movie he appears in, whether it's a hit or a flop, he delivers the same fundamental performance.  Some roid rage here, a fast-paced quip there.  I see nothing in him that points in the direction of hidden acting talents.

Granted, it's not like Arnie ever had ""hidden acting talents"" per se","Damn. While The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly and The Ecstasy of Gold are easily some of the greatest compositions in film, the theme to Once Upon a Time in the West is enough to make my eyes sweat every time I hear it. Rest easy to a real master., I'm genuinely torn up right now, the magical music he gave to Leone's films elevated them to masterpieces and his iconic Giallo scores deserve more public recognition. A true musical genius in every sense of the word and we can't thank him enough for what he brought to cinema.","Just saw the movie tonight and I was thinking exactly this while watching it. I've only read a handful of Lovecraft's stories, and this movie was like one of those come to life perfectly. I was trying to think of some other, actual Lovecraftian films, the only one I could think of was The Thing, which isn't nearly as obvious, but it has some similarities to a Lovecraft story.

While the sound and the cinematography are amazing, especially that horn, whew, I think that the editing in this movie is just next level amazing. At a point in the movie","There's something about Netflix originals that they all share and I can't put my finger on it. I can always tell if what I'm watching is a Netflix original, the TV series are less easily discernable but there are shared qualities between them. I don't know if it's the editing, the colours or the sets but I know what you mean about them feeling somewhat cheap., Looking cheap usually has a few hallmarks for me 

- Being ultra HD 
- Very basic and uninspired camera work
- Clean, glossy actors with makeup 
- Extremely well lit","For anyone else who had difficulty finding this on Apple podcasts, the title of the podcast is 'Podcasts - Steven Benedict'. Typing in 'Steven Benedict on film' didn't bring it up for me., Thanks for the recommendation! Listened to an episode, and it sounds exactly up my alley. There are so many unscripted, casual film discussion podcasts, and while of course I see why those are fun to make, what I really want is tight, planned, analysis from someone with a degree of expertise.

Will listen to a few more, and hope the quality stays up",">I would love to have TRUE films takes on piracy.

Two thoughts:

1) When my job sent me home in March '20, I made a list of ~2500 movies I wanted to see. About 1500 of them were available on DVD/streaming. I'm about half-way through ***edit: locating*** the other 1,000 or so. It's astonishing how hard it is to find legitimate copies of these remaining films.

2) I love that I can buy loss-less, high quality, transferable digital copies of music. I really hate that I can't buy movies the same way., Ill just say that living in Europe","I did my degree in film and media studies and some of these videos are basically extensions of the throwaway comments some of the more irritating members of my class would make. Again, these people had an opinion on something, thought they were absolutely correct and it wasn't open to interpretation, and didn't back it up with any theory. Or if they did, they'd mention a theory in passing but not go into any specifics. 

And that's why Jaws is about toothed vaginas. ","Okay I stuck around till 7 p.m. Phew I am exhausted. Thank you all for participating in this. It was really fun. If I didn't get to your question, I'm really sorry. You can also spam me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/tonyszhou) and see if I'll answer it there, but maybe wait a few days? Cheers and thank you all!, Hi Tony,

I'm trying to understand better the differences that editing makes in film versus the actual directing. 

Could you give any specific examples of films/scenes that you thought were bad","The movie depicts the Germans so much as the bad guys that I literally thought the story took place in WWII. I only realised this was not the case because they kept talking about chemical weapons. The presence of a villain nation is in conflict with the main theme of the movie., All these are valid criticisms. The biggest issue with this movie for me is something you touch upon here that I would elaborate upon. 

Clunky exposition notwithstanding","What's frustrating about Tenet is that at it's core it is a sci-fi film about time but it's not really time travel rather it focuses on the 4th dimensional nature of time. Inversion is an interesting concept and Nolans attempt to portray the past, present and future as a simultaneously occurring event is a commendable effort","I am curious, though, do some shift into other media? It's happened to me a few times, I'll watch a movie, think it's great, go on imdb and see that she either didn't make anything else or moved into television. And, I sort of wonder why that's the case? A great example is Mary Harron who directed American Psycho, she makes that movie and then ever since is a television director. And, while, a lot of excellent shows are being made these days","People trying to dissect this film's plot have it so wrong. This isn't some character driven indie film; it's a blockbuster. The effects here are insane, and the spectacle is so much fun, it really is one of the most visually impressive films in recent memory. I do think this is a movie to watch in theaters, which I imagine since this just came out on HBO you probably watched it at home.   


I will take Tenet, with its nonsensical plot and batshit pacing, over his awful melodrama in something like Interstellar any day. The movie is just fucking entertaining","This was a great review of one of my all time favorite films. Willem Dafoe was incredibly human in this, and Brooklyn Kimberlys acting was out of this world. Its hard to believe she is so young and so incredible at delivering a performance. I highly recommend you watch starlet and tangerine. Sean baker is a genius!","It's one of the great successes of The Thin Red Line also. Terrence Mallick filmed hours and hours of footage with a huge list of A-list actors, many of whom are only in the film for a scene or so. 

I remember hearing that one actor filmed so many scenes that they expected to be the lead role in the film and only realised after it was released that they were only a minor part.","How do you feel about the fact that half of the movie was an inconsequential arc regarding the lightspeed tracking, which ended up being a dead end and a waste of time? I feel that that valuable screen time couldve been used to further flesh out the relationship building between Luke and Rey. 

Also, the movie seemed to put in a lot of little merchandising opportunities, such as the necklace, the ring (which no one would ever actually wear- its a dead giveaway), the critters, etc. The movie just seemed to set up for toy product sales. , [removed], I agree with a lot of this","It's actually pretty common that this movie gets misinterpreted as ""just a dumb action flick"". Tho tbf, it kinda *is* a dumb action flick - but one as produced by the in-universe fascist government, which is the film's genius. 

Fun fact: Here in Germany, the uncut version of Starship Troopers was banned (well, actually it was ""indexed"", but explaining that would go too far - basically it means that it's illegal to advertise for it, to display it openly, and to sell/rent it to minors). Among with the violence and gore","Curious about the categories Cult Hollywood,  Famous Hollywood, and the catch-all Favorite films of the 20th century. The latter most category seems to just be an honorable mention category no?

The cult Hollywood films are perhaps some of the most famous films of all time. Non-negotiable classics. 

The actual films he deems as Famous Hollywood are not anywhere as famous or classic as the cult ones. Wonder where the distinction comes from?, For those who keep a spreadsheet instead of using letterboxed, here's a list of all of the URLs. There are two TMDB IDs","I loved arrival.  One of my absolute favorite films.  Completely agree that it was a massive idea but only answered a small and beautiful amount of its questions.  But what it did it did incredibly well, and the atmosphere and music were haunting., I posted a long comment comparing ARRIVAL and INTERSTELLAR some months ago. I believe it's relevant here. If you don't mind spoilers for the latter, or for some of my less interesting observations, I suggest skipping to the middle and reading to the end.
 https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/ac1v3y/z/ed6bckf","I have definitely noticed this as well, though Id say that the dialogue in ESB feels more naturalistic compared to ANH and ROTJ.

And something else that I feel the Disney Star Wars films are missing is the reverence for classical cinema. When the original film came out in 77","Let's also note that Mr Kim's daughter was just fatally stabbed in front on him and then Mr Park lifts the body of his attacker while insulting him to get they keys to save his own child while ignoring Kim's. Yes the smell comment is the final trigger, but a lot of injustices was visited on Mr Kim before he snapped., It's such an interesting film in that it completely divided audiences (in Korea) into two groups, those who can emphasize with Kim and those who simply cannot","This is one of my all time favorite movies and a gift that just keeps on giving. 

And things like this are proof how great this movie is. This is spot on: I never caught it but I absolutely agree. Thanks for sharing! 

Also a gender-related aside on this movie: I read a BFI book about SOTL years ago and it was amazing. It pointed out how this movie is one of regrettably few films where the female protagonist arc is not shaped, defined or influenced by any romantic entanglement but by her own path from child to woman.

Instead","As a drummer, this film was horrifying! I cannot think of a scarier situation to witness on screen as a fellow basher of beats. I agree, the movie did not FORCE us to sympathize with Riz's character, but I was with him the entire way. Kind of on his shoulder. Peering into a horrifying world that I am sure would leave me as distraught as him. But in certain scenes, it especially hit me since I deal with a mental disorder and have had to learn to live with an impairing condition. I saw myself writing with Riz in that tiny room, those cold","I don't know how anyone can talk about Casino Royale without singing Eva Green's praises. 

Her performance was spectacular. So good, in fact, that her absence casts a shadow over the subsequent films.  You *felt*  Bond's connection to Vesper in a way that no other Bond film has ever managed (indeed few films in general).   I recently marathoned the Craig films, and when viewed back to back it really gives the sense that Bond is still grieving her death through the entire thing.

Their chemistry is electric","I might be able to help. This comes from people I worked with and talked to who were in the very early script reading and approval phase of production. 

A big reason the process is super selective has a lot of factors that don't have anything to do with the quality of the story but like 3 elements when a production person has to read a script that is sent in on spec we'll say.

1. Is it formatted correctly. Most scripts people send in are formatted like hot garbage and are almost unreadable due to poor grammar, misplaced, action, dialogue and slug lines","I absolutely love how they put all the storylines together. From the dusty orange 1960s to the grey and bloody 1970s, it all seems to fit. This movie is unbelievable, on my Top 5 definately. I keep wondering if I like it so much because Im from Brazil, but its probably not that. What a journey!, Anytime someone brings this up, I like to mention Pixote, a Brazilian film from the 70s. It's pretty similar, if a little more raw. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes City of God. It's *really* good.","i have to agree with almost everything youre saying. they just pump out cash grabs with no real creative substance. idk the last time they made an original movie, probably frozen. even pixar has gone the way of pumping out sequals, not that theyre bad, but you hope for more originality from a company that was once so orininal. 

the IPs arent helping them either. they'd rather make a new star wars movie than try and make an original. the saddest part of that is that star wars was an original movie back in 1977","The more I think about the scene where the Dude watches Walter bid farewell to Donny and his ashes, the more I'm amazed at the Coen brothers's touch.  

It's fucking hilarious.  A gust of wind blowing much of the ashes onto the Dude's face.  Donnys ashes inside a Folgers coffee can. 


Walter goes off on a tangent about 'Nam during the final blessing: ""In your wisdom Lord you took him, as you took so many bright flowering young men at Khe Sanh, at Langdok, at Hill 364 .. ."" Then he brings it all back to bowling, their common thread.  ""These young men gave their lives. And so would Donny","I agree Kubrick is definitely a Kubrick style director.

Jokes aside, I did find that quote really interesting, thanks for sharing that. It wasn't something I'd consciously thought about before, despite recognising there was a distinct difference between the two styles., Its basically filmmakers whos style is more distanced from the subjects and where the camera/film acts as a sort of a passive observer while in the other style the camera is an active participant. 

But more importantly","I read somewhere that Welles was responsible for fine-tuning the script that Mank originally wrote by himself, which was necessary because it was like 200 pages... Is that true? Or did they write everything together?","I think there's a lot to this, and I posted something similar in the r/horror subreddit a few months ago (and had a seemingly endless argument with someone who insisted in reminding me that Quentin Tarantino criticized *It Follows):*

> I am not the type to insist on one particular metaphor or allegory in reading film, but *It Follows* seems like it's more about sexual trauma than something like STDs. Jay is sexually manipulated and abused, and the person who wrongs her also seems to be a victim. Like him, Jay is literally followed by what happened to her","Bonus! /u/pastypilgrim kindly ran your choices through an algorithm that produced a visual representation of most of the films that received votes. The first ten are ranked, the rest in random-ish order. For all 83 films and even more information here is a [letterboxd list](http://letterboxd.com/truefilmreddit/list/truefilms-favorite-films-of-2014/), again, only the first ten are in order.

---

**Statistics and trivia:**

Number of films that received at least one vote: **83** 

Number of these that received 5 votes or more: **22**

Number of documentaries voted on: **0** (okay","Considering that you counted parts of other films/movies within the film - there was a car chase scene in the Italian James Bond [knock off] Rick starred in with a car jumping over a bridge! And another falling into water!

May also be able to count the FBI scene where the truck overtakes the FBI vehicle and drives along side it while Rick lines up his shot.

Expanding on FBI: one of my favourite parts of the film was Rick and Cliffs commentary watching Ricks own television show and genuinely expressing enjoyment. Fabulous scene., That scene where Dalton flubs his lines really got me","Something I havent seen discussed, but I feel definitely contributed, is the iPhone message dings.

The anxiety that one experiences in real life in connection with their phone has been well studied. Inserting these dings, which a sizable amount of your audience subconsciously relates to, is a perfect primer for putting them in the excited dopamine rush state.

The heightened emotional state that occurs as a result of hearing these dings, now allows the filmmakers to better manipulate the audiences emotions toward what they want.","Super interesting. I had heard that it was more of a generic tune that kids used to memorize things in school. (Kind of how in the US, we might have a little song to memorize the quadratic equation, etc.) But your description (combined with all the Americanized Native imagery) makes a lot of sense.","> The other main player in 2, Otto Octavius, dabbles with becoming ""super"" when trying to make a miniature sun fusion reactor but tragically bcomes a supervillain when the experiment goes awry and as a result, he loses his wife, is taken over by his robotic arms, and then dies to save New York from being consumed by his experiment.

To add to this:

The end fight between Doc. Ock and Spidey isn't a huge spectacle as we have come to expect. Instead it's Peter using all of the lessons Otto and Aunt May told him, along with his own character growth",">""After her operation Clementine says in an upset manner that she feels like she is getting older, having erased the past two years of her life with Joel has caused this feeling.  
>  
>I've come to understand that the act of choosing to erase memories is inherently flawed as one will no longer have the recollection of why they did this, one can no longer see the benefit of their actions so there life hasn't gotten any better. In fact you probably just become older","In this case novels are equally detached from plot and characters, since they equally can be about prose. No one talks about plot or characters in poetry for instance. And then there's novels like *Ulysses* or *Naked Lunch* where talking about plot is also mostly missing the point.

*Lawrence of Arabia* though? Firstly your critics are wrong because the plot and characters are fucking great","I'd read this a long time ago, but thanks for the chance to think about it again!

I took a couple of Kubrick classes in undergrad and grad school. His movies are so fun to take apart, but I almost appreciate more how they ask for your visceral reaction--and, despite what critics and teachers (and I teach!) have to say, each person's reaction is unique and valid. No one interpretation is ""it.""

His films seem highbrow, but they're actually super democratic in that way. 

I've watched 2001 at ages 14, 17, 20, 26, and 32. Each time","I think in this case it also helps to have read the book. A lot of the ambiguity between human and replicant seems to be rooted in the fact that not all humans had empathy either, and had to learn it though a regular VR empathy experience. But youre right, I think for the purpose of the film, its not so much an empathy test as it is a does it respond like a human should test., >This also adds even more nuance to the ""tears in rain"" monologue as reversing the perspective of the test would result in humans failing (e.g.","This is a great take, and the only thing Id add is that Lou pretty much serves as the logical extreme of capitalism. Its like: capitalism has people up top making all the money and people on the bottom taking all the risks. So the movie shows us how dark and cutthroat this night news footage business is, yet Lou comes in, learns from his surroundings and experiences, and proceeds to be even *more* amoral and cutthroat than the people he learned from. 

Like you said, Lou has his employee on a path to certain death. Well, this business is literally taking footage of the wounded, dying","It's one thing to post criticism about Star Wars here, but do we really want fan fiction on this sub? What is the point? Shouldn't this sub be for discussion and critique of films *as they exist on the screen*? Imagine someone writing an essay length piece about how much better Marriage Story would be if you completely changed the plot. Everyone would be like, wtf, why would I want to discuss a film that doesn't exist except in your own imagination?, I like the ideas in a broad sense. But I feel like the thing thats missing is galactic stakes. 

The world between worlds is interesting","Outstanding observations. A rewatch is well in order thanks to this!

Having only passed through California and not being an American, I cant add much nor corroborate from acquaintance accounts but the archetypes are recognizable for me to understand the joke. Who would Jesus be? The Nihilists?, I see it a bit more broadly - the Dude and Walter are caricatures of the opposing ends of the American political spectrum, and Donny - poor Donny - is in this reading 'middle' America. The Dude and Walter's squabbling can be seen as what Americans call 'the culture wars'","Number of Submissions: 80

Number of Films Submitted: 87

Number of Documentaries: 6 (7 if you count DRIB)

Number of Non-English Films:  17 (18 if you count Okja)

Number of Non-English Documentaries: 2 (3 if you count DRIB)

Number of Short Films: 2 

Number of Films > 1000 Min Long: 2 


Best Animation: *Loving Vincent (5 Votes)*

Best Documentary: *Nathan for You: Finding Frances (4 Votes)*

Best Non-English Film: *Raw (8 Votes)*


Most Popular on the List: *Get Out*

Most Obscure on the List: *DRIB*

Most Controversial: *Three Billboards Outside Ebbing","I would argue that what you're describing is the strongest aspect of the film, and the first 30 minutes are my favorite stretch. 

The detail that sold me on the world, which I don't think you touched on, was the propaganda advert playing on the train. Quick cuts of the world's great cities, all aflame or in some other state of chaos, and then a shot of London, a Union Jack, and the words: Only Britain Soldiers On. 

I'm not sure why this was so effective","I'm not commenting on YouTube. Sue me. I'll also caveat this comment by saying that I've only seen the film once, about five years ago - although it did make a big impression on me at the time. I've been meaning to watch it again, but for now, I'll have to rely on my somewhat hazy memories of it.

I didn't watch all of your video (though I have read your post), but I did like what I saw. In the first few minutes, you beautifully sum up what the movie is about, its themes, and what makes it so effective. However, when it comes to your reading of what the movie is trying to say","Call me a conspiracy theorist, but I think some of the time such 'controversy' surrounding a film is generated by the distributors themselves. Frankly it's marketing gold. I mean, here we all are talking about *Joker* right? I have no interest in the film and have no plans to go and see it, but now reading this thread the thought enters my mind - maybe I should check it out just to see what all the fuss is about. Like I said, marketing gold. And it's *free*. It's actually brilliant., Cancel culture is a complete myth","In case anyone is interested here is a [movie barcode] (http://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpnkkgv2751qhtovio1_r1_1280.jpg) of the film. It's every frame of the film condensed into one picture. , Really nicely structured piece, dude. It's the subtle (or in this case fairly unsubtle, but still subconscious to the average viewer) things that separate the great from the mediocre. , I also love this film, and have always admired its use of colour both for aesthetic reasons and for what you just spelled out for us. They are a reflection/visual representation of why Tom and Summer dont work","So I've only seen a few of these movies, but I can definitely recommend all of them:

* **Kind Hearts & Coronets** \- The best of the Ealing comedies I've seen. Has a really nasty dark streak to it that makes it all the more enjoyable.
* **Quatermass and the Pit** \- Excellent sci-fi horror from Hammer.
* **The Devil Rides Out** \- My favourite of the ""traditional"" Hammer horrors. Christopher Lee's performance is majestic as ever","One of my favorite social critics is Mikhail Bahktin, who argues that popular culture is much more corrosive on the status quo than we give it credit for. 

Similarly, I think popular discourse is inevitably linked with this more artistic discourse that people like Marty are defending.

The problem to me is not the art, and I find it irritating that people feel the need to blame artists. Yes, even if its a made-by-committee film like the marvel movies. The problem is that, and the article touches on this, many people seem unaware","But for a movie to by truly gutsy, in my opinion, it needs to be angrier at more than just symptoms - it needs to gesture at something tangible the audience can change their behavior towards

This is some real shit. I never quite put my finger on it, but this applies to so many films I wasnt quite happy with; anyone can complain about situations that are objectively bad, but if you fail to explore the root of the situation offer a solution or at least insight, all youre doing is throwing a pity party., I didnt see an overt political message in Joker","Don't forget the pale horse rider passing in the background, the literal symbol of death and the apocalypse. Or how completely useless/absent the police are.

A far as the fake gun goes, I interpreted it as Glover terrifying people, just so he can have a private moment and light up. I think it could also represent a psychological phenomenon; the kids have seen the precedent of violence, and react in fear, even when the gun happens to be absent.

I like the idea of the ending, and I see Genius has ""barcode"" as well, but I still can't shake hearing ""bucko"" instead","Very cool! I thought they were lost for good.

But does it include the sub-forums of the individual movies? I loved those slo-mo discussions about minute details of an obscure movie, stretching across 10 years or more., I just added the Firefox extension and love how easy everything feels. I instantly looked up a random movie and just read through post after post. Somehow I forgot how amazing it was to have all of these threads, all of these thoughts, about one movie (or show) in one place. Nowadays when I'm done watching a film","The movie reminded me a lot of Slaughterhouse Five by Kurt Vonnegut... only in an era of M Night and Nolan. In Vonneguts novel he uses the fact that the hero is displaced from time as a literary device to jump around narating through his life depending on whatever moment felt most pertinent to visit at the moment.   


Arrival does this, but it uses it as a twist. Little by little you realize that what you think is her past, is in fact her future. I do not want to call it a cynical twist ending",">The Lord of the Rings is not about a quest to throw some ring into a volcano, it is about archetypal characters fulfilling their destinies, it is about good triumphing over the evil corruption of power

That's not plot, nor story: its themes.

There are several layers here to consider:

1. The plot or, rather, the *mechanics* of the plot.
2. The story or, rather, ""what the characters have to go through.""
3. The narrative (an abstraction of the plot/story, i.e. is it a ""Hero's Journey""? is it Bildungsroman? is it a tragedy?)
4. The themes, which are the ideas/statements behind the story.","As a Lithuanian living in the US, I was shocked to see how similar Mexican values are to ours. Not talking about the cultural aspect of it, simply the heavy focus on taking care of your immediate and extended family, political views, etc..

I guess the Catholic roots have a lot to do with it.

P.S. its 5 AM and Im half asleep at work and I realize that this is completely off topic., Saw it last week and was overwhelmed by how unique it was, might even go so far as to call it odd on occasion because the cultural elements were foreign","To be completely honest, I kind of love that movie. Its weird, yes, but I think thats what I appreciate about it. It feels weirdly epic to me. Its story feels bigger than it is. 

It wasnt until college that I read the story and loved it so much I actually read it 3 times that quarter., Really enjoyed this film, Zemeckis put his own spin on the tale without straying far from the source material. Very entertaining IMO, I think it did better as motion capture than it would have done as live action, I got some thoughts.

First","Physical media offers objectively superior image quality to its bitrate-strangled streaming siblings. It's the better viewing experience for that reason alone. Unfortunately, buying Blu-rays for everything is just too inconvenient and expensive to be practical. Sometimes I just want to have something fun for the afternoon, and for that I'll stream., I think it depends on how much value a given person gets from re-watching movies vs seeing more stuff for the first time. For me personally","The book was relevant when it came out in '91, the movie was relevant when it came out in '00 and both of them are relevant to this day. It's western consumerism and hedonism taken to its extreme., A lot of films in the late 90's / early 2000's dealt with materialism, over-consumption, vanity, social status, etc. The most well known ones are probably *The Matrix*, *American Beauty*, and *Fight Club*","Loved this movie, and here comes the typical ""but I won't ever watch it again.""

I'm a huge David Lynch fan and I see Lynch and Kaufman sort of similarly in terms of their surrealism. However where Lynch builds these dark worlds that you can't help but want to explore, Kaufman's worlds are very repulsive. With Lynch you want to go in the mysterious door, with Kaufman you don't, and he just drags you in there anyway.

After Synecdoche, I had the distinct feeling that my life would have been slightly better if I hadn't seen it. It took something from me in a way",Had the opportunity to see this on 35 mm about a year ago. Knew absolutely nothing about it going in. Can honestly say it was one of the most moving experiences Ive ever had in a theatre. I now recommend this film to everyone I know.,"Didnt get any sense of sexual assault/harassment for Jake as a child, more just emotional trauma and a deep seeded disdain for his parents and their mistakes raising him, failing to help him become someone special and maybe hating that they themselves werent either. Hems clearly embarrassed by their ignorance. 

Btw he didnt create those paintings, those are from a famous artists book. He painted the cheap imitations you see in the basement. Hes not an oaf","*Snow Cake*, which Rickman stars in, is a film that's really close to my heart. I never really knew if it was actually a well made film, or one of those films that just connects with you on a personal level. Either way, I've watched that films probably more than any other. Maybe a bit less than annual screening of *Die Hard*, though. 

He was an incredible actor. , This makes me incredibly sad. I absolutely loved him in Galaxy Quest","Great points, and I really appreciate the effort that went into posting images for visual comparison because I've actually avoided the movie after the meh reviews. Watching it just seemed like it was guaranteed to be an exercise in frustration. 

Shoutout to Guillermo Del Toro and his vision for Pacific Rim; there are certainly monochromatic shots when the mood is appropriate","*Because he naively believed his aggressors would share his euphoria*.

That's the best description of what happened at the ending that I've ever read. 

And Arno *did* share his euphoria. It was the guy in light blue that wasn't putting up with Howard's bullshit. Arno was fine with it. Arno was ready to forgive, get paid back, and forget. Arnos associate in light blue took Howard's actions as *personal disrespect*, the worst thing you can do to a hardened criminal. 

Amazing write up, I loved this!",N/A,"Magnific work and beautiful selection of films! I'm so glad Burning made it to #2 (with my review!). It's a bit weird that Lazzaro didn't make it at all, though, expected a some points.

&#x200B;

But still, this is a impressively diverse and quality filled top list. Congrats to Roma and good job, u/YourFavoriteRuski","Well Roger Deakins is on a streak now. It doesnt feel as great as BR49, but the experience learned on that film certainly helped him make that gorgeous night scene live and breath the way it did in 1917. And thats not even mentioning the technical achievement of the cinematography of all those oners., The great news is that 10s of thousands of viewers will be introduced to Parasite and exposed to cinema they are not familiar with. It's a win win in my book that when the oscars get it right, it exposes art that would other wise be gone in the public conscious.","Well. Fuck. 

I just watched 3-iron last night. First Kim Ki-Duk movie I watched. Its was one of those movies that as soon as you finish, you sit for a few minutes with both your hands laced behind your head, your eyes staring up and to the left, and then you watch it again.

Crazy., Wow shocking news. I know he leaves behind a complicated legacy but he made some truly remarkable films. I recommend Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter...and Spring to everyone, Why was he planning on moving to Latvia? Was he planning on filming there?","This is such a noob question but where do you all source these films? I have a local art video rental place but it doesnt have even a third of some of this letterboxd. I dont know anything about internet gray areas and Id like to pay for the art but I cant afford full on purchasing. Apologies for the off topic but this list and these write ups got my juices flowing, I commend you for having an ecclectic and educated list of films to watch and enjoy.  I myself am ashamed to say that I ended up seeing less quality and interesting movies past my school years.  Mostly because, you know","Thank you so much. I posted the thread the other day in the hope of getting some answers. But yes, your answer was basically what I was looking for. You hit the nail on the head when it comes to 'describing'. I can describe the use and effect of cinematography, editing andwhatso, but acting always came difficult. With your answers I can practice with using some terminology to describe acting in films.

PS.  I'm pretty sure others mentioned similar aspects as well, scattered all over the thread, so thanks to all those answers as well.",I'm glad you brought up Parasite. I know a few (American) people who saw the film and thought that the ending was optimistic,"I'm an animator and I have a lot of thoughts on this!

personally, I think we are about to move into a new golden age of sorts for animated cinema. the big difference to me is that we are finally crossing into unprecedented levels of accessibility for the medium of animation. computer programs used for animation, both 2D and 3D, have for a long time been proprietary, hard to use, or prohibitively expensive. the democratization of animation platforms began in a wide sense with Flash, and has continued as the technology has improved through updates to Flash, the development of After Effects",I agree with most of your sentiment but I dont know if we can holistically say that films are made to be understood.  I think some of my favorite films address the complexity and ambiguity of existence -  the *not knowing* or the idea that there isnt anything to be understood.  There are also many ways to experience films -  some are puzzles that reveal more in deep textual analysis and/or multiple viewings.  For example - I think both The Shining and 2001 are both excellent examples of films that can be understood on one level on a first watch,"I totally agree with you, and that's how I read the scene too (and is also a key point that I use when discussing the film with people who think the POSSIBILITY of Deckard being a replicant ruins the movie, whereas I think that gray area is an essential theme). 

What makes me uncomfortable about it actually isn't the scene itself","This is one of my go-to recommendations when I meet people who have a similar taste in film that I do. It is criminally underseen and underappreciated. I think you're onto something with it being a 2007 release because the market for excellent, dark, heavy western-adjacent movies and masculinity, violence and America was weirdly flooded with the double release of There Will Be Blood and No Country for Old Men. 

It's a dream role for Brad Pitt who it seems had a lot to do with it getting made. He gets to be charismatic and likable at times, which is one of his best tools","This is always the #1 comparison I make between Disney and Ghibli. Everything is black and white in Disney. Ghibli always takes a nuanced perspective. If I have a choice of what to show my kids, it's 100% the one that makes them use their own brain., You are definitely right. The average film about environmentalism usually consists of one side being heroes and the other side being one dimensional Disney villains","I would generally agree with you and say that character is typically the most important thing in a film.  However Dunkirk might be my favorite Nolan film and it has excellent story structure (plot) with very little character. 2001 is one of my favorite films, and theres extremely little character, its carried by plot and cinematography.

Personally I liked Tenet far better the second time, it feels like it was made to be watched multiple times.  Theres this underlying pattern of people not knowing whats going on and people trying to lie and deceive others"," Glad to see this sub is a safe haven from all the Joker hype. Not a bad film by any means, but it's too muddled and unfocused to really be a hard-hitting character piece. It doesn't really hold much over Taxi Driver or King of Comedy., Sorry for the wait - but now its out!

Highlights:

Parasite was included in 85% of the ballots - and not a single disappointment from anybody

We received 57% more ballots than last year, but less films were submitted in total

The percentage of submission to include best snubbed actor (and actress","he definitely pushed the medium forward at a time when cinema was a bit stagnant, the french new wave was a great inspiration to so many filmmakers that came afterwards. a lot of his films from the 60s felt so modern when I originally watched them in the 00s

I was fortunate enough that my campus had a movie theater and every semester they did a directors retrospective so I was lucky to be able to watch a lot of his best films on the big screen.

RIP JLG, Im not sure what the consensus is as to what makes Godard great","I think the retreading of the same stuff as the original movies without going anywhere inventive or really new is more of the issue, classic lack of risk taking in Hollywood.

The actors being the central part of everything is key as well, as another commenter pointed out BR 2049 was a good reboot but it told another story about the current generation and brought back Decker as a part of the story and not the main attraction.

See also Twin Peaks: The Return","Killing Them Softly is one of my all-time favorites. Great performances from Pitt, Liota, and Richard Jenkins, but absolute perfection from James Gandolfini and Ben Mendelsohn. A crime movie about dumb criminals and the awful lives they have, all shot beautifully and featuring great dialog. A+ for me., The cinema score seems to be less about the quality of the movie and more just how much the film met the audiences expectations.

Mother! certainly wasnt what I expected but I fucking loved it., I personally really like Soderberg's Solaris. Spoiler: I haven't seen the original","""Cuarn saw the cut and gave his approval. Every single frame is charged with all the thematic elements of the whole film, he said. I have to say, it is very complex, it is very complicated what he does.

I guess the end result will still be more complex and interesting as most 90 Mil. historical revenge movies. I am still very excited!, >Some audience member wrote, You need to have a masters degree in Viking history to understand, like, anything in this movie,  Eggers said. Like, ahhh","Plenty of great movies have fundamentally awful protagonists too. The first one that came to mind was David Thewlis in Naked. Its a great movie and I feel sad for whoever cant appreciate it because of an unlikable lead character (hypothetically speaking). One of the best things about film is exposing yourself to characters, cultures, and situations youre not likely to necessary see in your day to day life. So its weird to me that people use that as a critique when it is one of the main appeals for me","I can't wrap my head around staying in character for 9 months for a movie this campy.  Add the very Russian accent and we head into yikes territory.  And I love Lady Gaga...it's like, what was the point if you can't nail the accent, or even get particularly close?!  Then there's Leto.

Still going to see it, because my partner rarely gives a shit about movies and she wants to see House of Gucci.  I took forward to a massive bag of popcorn with M&M Peanuts and some shitty accents! ","Movies dont have to be subtle. But this was more unsubtle than an unsubtle movie has to be. Its okay to beat the audience over the head, but its not necessary to beat the audience over the head 100 times with the same point. 

Allowing the audience to interpret some things for themselves can help make the movie more meaningful and memorable. When a scene is more subtle, the viewer will invest more thought into figuring out what it means, so the meaning becomes more special in the viewers mind. Like how a chair that you made yourself can be more special to you than one that you bought.","I like Robert Pattinsons pithy take on MA, acknowledging that he also said he has nothing against it per se in the same interview:   

I always say about people who do method acting, you only ever see people do the method when theyre playing an aholes; you never see someone being lovely to everyone while theyre really deep in character., I'm not well-versed in the various schools of acting, but I liked this quote from Martin Freeman:

>Martin Freeman railed against pretentious Hollywood method acting in a recent appearance on the Off Menu podcast (via Uproxx and The Telegraph)","Pavarotti; probably the most famous opera-singer ever, was often berated by ""true"" opera fans for his popular big venue concerts. He himself said: I understand that, but if only one person from this huge audience to which I just sang goes and listens to an opera recording, something has been gained. 

That is perhaps a good analogy?","I love end of the world movies, I like to see how people react to said event whether it's aliens, natural disasters or cosmic events, what ever really. I especially like the ones where the ending isn't necessarily a happy one where we don't save ourselves and the world is actually affected in some way like in Deep Impact, War of the Worlds, Melancholia, Knowing and Don't Look Up., This movie was fucking horrible. It ran about an hour longer than it should have, Jonah Hills comedic relief role was pretty much humorless","Some people are really passionate about wine, they know their places of origin, the year they were made, they have a long list of adjectives to describe them and are willing pay good money for a specific bottle.

Not me though, I really just drink whatever is in the glass. At the end of the day not everybody can or will be passionate about a given subject, some people just rarely watch movies and as such have no reason to develop a refined taste for it. And I think to a degree that's fine","The biggest failing of the story is in its conceit. A series of nursery riddles isn't a mystery. There is nothing engaging about Batman walking from one PG-13 crime scene to another and explain riddles to the audience. It felt like watching someone else solve a dull scavenger hunt. A smarter screenwriter would have allowed the investigation to go ""off rails"" as you suggested but everything about this movie feels first draft., I agree with this, but I think you dont touch on the movies biggest problem: the final act. Throughout most of the movie, the Riddler is a fairly sympathetic villain","I think what you're talking about here isn't ""modern movies"" so much as ""mainstream Hollywood blockbusters.""  That's an important distinction to make.  There's no shortage of sincerity in international film or the independent scene.

Hollywood's obsession with ironic detachment, I think, stems from the ""genre send-up"" comedies of the eighties, the irreverent attitude of which started to bleed into genre television in the nineties and then became part of the formula for the most popular style of superhero movies to come out of the aughts","What a well expressed sentiment. I completely agree as well. Most -- if not all -- of the modern Marvel and Star Wars films just completely lack environmental integration and authenticity. The locations feel soulless... and it's because they are., [deleted], You make a good point about tattoine. In the original Star Wars you can tell its hot cause theyre in fuckin Tunisia. You can see it. They were big flowy clothes, its dusty as fuck, they farm water. 

Then look at movies like do the right thing or In the heat of the night. Everyone looked hot. Button downs are almost completely undone","I would venture to say that a lot of films that are ""Oscar Worthy"" come down to Hollywood backroom politics and lobbying...which leaves the truly best films out on the lurch. Most Academy Award nominated movies will be forgotten in 20 years (anyone still gearing up to watch Todd Field's 'In the Bedroom'?), and I have a feeling this will be the case with Adam McKay's films. Re: his serious films -outside of The Big Short- they're ok, not horrible. But there's definitely more deserving films that should be on the nom list.

Hell maybe I'm wrong",">10% of the 40 filmmakers had parents that earned less than $100K per year, 70% had parents that earned over $100K.

This doesn't come as a surprise to me at all. Of the people involved in film that I know, the ones who are most successful had the luxury of living rent free at home while getting their start doing voluntary work on sets. Not something you can do if you have to pay rent and work 40 hours a week. Not to mention cameras and equipment being given as gifts that most new filmmakers would have to scrimp and save for.

But at the end of the day","It's an important oversight because Blalack's work specifically involved taking the Vista Vision footage shot by the Dykstraflex motion control camera, rotoscoping and optically compositing the layers via the Quad Printer.  The Special Edition clip shown involves CG foreground elements and a digital composite., The original Star Wars version not being as easily accesible as later versions is honestly pretty worrisome. I'm not a particularly big fan of Star Wars or anything","They are called ""pillow shots."" Yasujiro Ozu had mastered this technique. Here's a Grave of the Fireflies interview I stumbled upon years ago wherein Ebert explains pillow shots:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_9WEyuMq0Yk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9WEyuMq0Yk) (He mentions pillow shots at 4:35), 
>I feel like in a lot of modern action films such memorable quaint moments just aren't there

You need to seek out indie action movies if you want these moments.. big studio films don't have them, but indie films do","The article on the other hand has a zeitgeist of recent times all over it. This is a turd of modern ""journalism"" when some editor assembles couple lines of text with headline that sounds sensational, while the article itself just quotes Wayans' answer to one specific question from possibly much bigger interview that is not even linked just to generate some traffic on the website and spark reactions., I think with the exception of the Coen Brothers (and even their recent efforts have been lacking this past decade)","This article shows some of the marketing tactics employed to get eyes on the brand
 https://theageofideas.com/a24-future-film/#:~:text=And%20it%20has%20developed%20marketing,in%20the%20world%20of%20entertainment.

But I'd also add that in an age in which major studios are playing it safe, they're taking risks on independents which is going to help their films stand out among the crowd

https://www.gq.com/story/a24-studio-oral-history","I have no problem with subtitles and watch & enjoy plenty of non-English films, but for me personally a film portraying a different culture using English doesn't ""break the immersion"" for me. There are plenty of films set long ago in the past, fantasy worlds, or even different planets that use English. It's just a matter of suspending your disbelief, like with anything else in movies.

I do agree however that it would have been nice to see a non-dubbed Comanche version of Prey., Interesting you mention Apocalypto","The movie is completely obsessed with the idea of Marilyn Monroe as a victim. How many times do you need to see Ana de Armas crying, or being assaulted, or manipulated? Marilyn worked in a factory during WWII; she studied method acting; she had her own film production company; but the movie is completely uninterested in her life or humanity. At some point, the character says ""I'm not Marilyn Monroe"" or something to that effect, and you wait to see the person behind the icon, some intimate portrayal of Norma Jeane","Hard disagree. 

Compare a film like Hard Eight to The Master and you will see how evolved he has gotten over time. Both in the themes he is exploring and his filmmaking. 

Early films, though has some of his signature is still derived heavily from the work of Demme, Scorsese, Kubrick and Altman. 

But from There Will Be Blood, he has become a completely unique individual voice. 

There is an argument made for not reinventing oneself by referring someone like Woody Allen, Linklater, Sorkin and others. 

But PTA, doesnt fit the bill. His latter work is much different than his earlier","We have curated to with the least creative samey shit ever in the MCU. As Coppola said, there used to be studio pictures but now there are superhero movies. We always had cash grabs in film, but now we just have these pentagon linked propaganda baby food films with every movie star. The money is too appealing. Benedict Cumberbatch will be missing out on interesting roles playing with tennis balls and green screen. So many films of the past of big budget wouldn't get green lit now because the only safety is making a franchise. You can all lie to yourselves all you want","Hot take, but sound design in big budget films made in the last 10 years prioritizes other elements of the soundscape beside dialogue. 

While nothing was inaudible, there were definitely moments when I was straining to hear the conversation. Sometimes it seemed like a proper aesthetic choice, for example when the conversation was taking place in a hangar. Other times, it seemed that there was a lot of ambient noise that was amped up not needlessly, but to really have some small sounds highlighted.

Also, I loved the score, but damn if Hans Zimmers droning style isnt a meme.","The ending is one of the best combinations of narration, music, and cinematography that Ive ever seen in a movie.  It always gives me chills no matter how many times I watch it.

..the light going out of his eyes, before he could find the right words. , Its a beautiful film I love to revisit often. 

Have you read the screenplay? Its written with the same care the film is made, and gave me a new appreciation of some of the scenes., [removed], I wrote a podcast that I recently wrapped up and my dream for the narrator was to use Hugh Ross","I've read the book and it helps a ton because of much more internal dialogue. I agree with many of your points and didn't feel so bothered by them because I've read the novel and know the themes, cultural divides, anthropological questions, philosophy and metaphysics that it explores. In hindsight, those are lacking a bit from the movie.

Another commenter said the Zendaya sequences and those are comical and overused.

Beyond the Screenplay podcast did an episode on Dune in which they were fair in their positives and in their criticiscms","I was 22 when Toy Story came out. It was enormously impressive technologically and also a great children's film too with genuinely good performances and writing, which still holds up, but at the time was just head and shoulders above anything else.

I went and saw it twice. I think the only other film I'd ever been to see twice back then was Jurassic Park. Oh, and The Empire Strikes Back.

I don't think it was viewed as creepy. Sid and his creations were creepy, but they were meant to be.

It was almost a perfect blend of commercialism, pop culture, nostalgia, sentimentality","They had an excellent conversation at the DGA few years back when Spielberg released Bridge of Spies. Love these two guys talking about film and swapping stories  


https://youtu.be/ufRw6bT7CL0, This is a cool and interesting comparison.

One thing I was thinking about is that Scorsese is more of a writer/director: theres quite a few movies he only directed and didnt write, but hes credited as writer on many of his most famous ones","Yeah, The Sopranos centers around Tony while The Wire basically attempts to capture the  range of interlinked systemic issues at every level of Baltimore. There's no individual character in the latter with nearly as much depth or development as the protagonist in the former. It's hard to nail down any real ""main"" character in The Wire aside from maybe NcNulty, and even he basically fades to the background for season 4","Ishtar, at least the first half of the movie. Dustin Hoffman and Warren Beatty are so hilarious as the terrible songwriters. ""There's a wardrobe of love in my eyes. Have a look baby and see if there's something in your size."" or something like., I too recently watched Cleopatra for the first time and thought it was a pretty fun watch.

Another movie I watched for the first time recently and absolutely loved is Ishtar. Just hilarious stuff there.","My preference toward physical media is more from a ""permanance"" perspective.  Streaming services lose and gain rights for films over time, and sometimes films that had been available for streaming no longer are, or move to a premium part of the streamer (I'm glaring at you, Amazon Prime).  This can even happen with purchased films if the rights trade hands.

Beyond that though, is I want to be able to enjoy films without having to worry about bandwidth.  If I pop in a BluRay","What this tells me is that Willis has mostly priced himself out of the market.  It's a lot easier for some low-budget (< $20MM) picture to justify forking out a couple million for a Willis cameo to attract a larger audience (doesn't mean it's going to work, just that people will put money behind it)","I think broad, popular comedies are undervalued for how often they encapsulate the specific feel of era they were released in. Comedies have to connect directly and effectively with the audience for them to work, and the best way to do that is make the audience instantly familiar with the setting and people.

When I think back on the Bush Era and try to come up with films that best represent the culture of that time, what I think of is Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby. (and, well, Southland Tales.) People now criticize films like Porky's","Here's a quote from an [old Nolan interview](https://deadline.com/2011/01/oscar-christopher-nolan-qa-inceptions-writer-director-is-a-hollwood-original-94704/) about making big budget films with potentially difficult material.

""The most stressful and difficult part of steering a large movie like Inception is that you are taking on the responsibility of communicating with a very wide audience. You cant ever hide behind the notion of, Okay, they just dont get it, or, Certain people just dont get it. You have to be mindful of the size of your audience","Love this film. It gives me such a weird feeling afterwards, but I can never stop thinking about the cinematography and soundscape!

It's also been really helpful to me in regards to truly understanding depression. A few mates suffer from it in varying levels of severity. The honest and unapologetic way that the movie presents depression was honestly eye opening for me. 

One scene in particular, when Justine is bathed by her sister. I've never known that THIS is what some people mean","Must be nice living in a country where you got to see Everything Everywhere All At Once first. 

I saw Dr Strange 2 first because of how they were released and both were decent though I liked EEATO far more. Interesting how each used multiverse ideas in similar but different ways. Both also have pretty strong directing styles (at least for what they are)., [deleted], ""for a movie that came out .13 years ago, it still holds up"" ..what? I didn't understand this. Anyhoo","Insightful post. One thing I want to mention in favor of the long, wide-angle takes: they allow showing the natural pauses from exhaustion, which can help remind the viewer of the actual vulnerability and stakes. You *can* do this with tighter camerawork, yes, but it will be difficult to avoid focusing on the hero/protagonist in the fight to the degree that you're not seeing their opponents likewise exhausted","I think you can find this Jungian way of representation in a lot of films. It applies to a lot of Bergman's pre-1970 films where the women often fit into archetypal categories and complement a certain side of the male protagonist. This is not necesarilly true for all of them but generally applies to the more brooding films, less to the social dramas","True about Kurosawa but its kinda funny how almost all of the films by his Japanese contemporaries like Naruse and Mizoguchi were dominated by great female characters. Especially Mizoguchi since his entire filmography is overtly feminist., I also thought Michael Haneke had an interesting take on using female leads to delve into their psyche- and even when they're not the main focus of the film, they push their aura into the frame and become one by the end., I guess sometimes it can be difficult for people to put themselves into the perspective of the opposite gender, it can absolutely be done","That's very sad. 

Thank you Bruce for all those awesome characters you helped bring to the screen over the years. Would be in with a shot at being named the best action star of all time whilst also being better at drama and comedy than you were given credit for. 

An entertainer through-and-through., Very saddening.

When I think ""Bruce Willis"" I think of two movies that I get my fill from: Die Hard for spectacle, and The Sixth Sense for catharsis.

One is this bravado performance with a lot of cheek","It's a really good spy movie. It must have been extremely challenging to adapt that book into a two-hour movie. It's an extremely complicated and subtle plot, with lots of characters acting out of unknown motivations, and nobody knows anything until the very end. 

As good as the movie is, don't sleep on the British miniseries. It's much more low-key, but it really does take the time to fully adapt the story. And Alec Guinness is the perfect embodiment of George Smiley. Even John Le Carr said that when he wrote Smiley in later books","A few years back everybody at the office I worked at did a big bracket for CG animated films. We all submitted our two favorites and every day we would have a head-to-head vote on which was the better film. We did this for an entire month I think. There must have been 30 or 40 films to start and we got it down to one. Ratatouille won. It was a little surprising, since there were so many great films in there, but when you think about it, Ratatouille has everything. It is heart-felt, it is funny, it has a really lush, immersive depiction of Paris","I just turned 30 a couple months ago and felt the exact same way. I have tried to explain how it feels to people but no one seems to understand what I mean, which is why this movie spoke to me so much.

I find that it's a very specific and important transition period in your life that is often overlooked by culture and society. It feels like the point where you go from being a ""young person"" to just a ""person"". You don't really have any more buffer years to sort your shit out, the expectation is that you are now a fully functioning adult and member of society, and whether you like it or not","A universally accessible way of watching even the latest blockbusters is not possible in 2021 due to various licensing issues, non-region pricing that makes streaming apps inaccessible to most or not even publishing the app/movie in a certain country as if it doesn't exist at all. 

I admit I'm an avid ""pirate of the high seas"", having accounts in various private trackers. I'm not going to name them all but when you browse their archives, or even just look at the number of unique titles uploaded, it feels like the Library of Alexandria","I liked the world building work of DV. It was clear from the outset that he nailed the visuals and gave the universe the right sort of scale IMO. In terms of character a dialogue etc I found it a bit lacking. Jessica was not captured very well for whatever reason be it script or performance etc I dont know she felt weak and lower status than Id have liked. 

All in all I enjoyed it but I have no real urgency to watch it again., > concepts being introduced at the same time were they become relevant or right before, which always feels kind of cheap

Well","What you're describing is exactly what the mission impossible movies currently are. The movie opens with a previous adventure that ethan hunt was on that may or may not tie into the main plot of the movie, ethan hunt then receives his mission objectives ""your mission if you choose to accept it..."", then they try to carry out the mission but things go south and they get disavowed by IMF, they then need to go rogue and carry out the mission on their own, then they finally defeat the bad guy and foil the plan after a lot of struggle and close calls and the IMF admits they were wrong","At the same time, there's also a layer to OJ where he struggles to make a living, continue a family legacy, and make decisions based on his conscience. He has to essentially sell off all of his horses to Jupe just to survive, and that clearly would have reached a point where he's left with nothing, and the ranch and land would have to go as well. To some degree OJ might be who we want to be in an ideal world, away from the spectacle and exploitation, but it's also damn hard to make an honest living.","I dont know a lot about Bergman and havent heard this, but here in Sweden its widely accepted that he was a major misogynist and sexually harassed female colleagues, and allegedly raped his wife (although I think that was before 1960, when rape within the marriage was legal which is fd up and doesnt really excuse it). 

Also theres this trope on (theatre) directors being authoritarian and demanding which to me, Bergman seems to be the epitome of.","Theres another effect that Avatars had on the movie industry that I dont think anyone couldve foreseen. Especially James Cameron. Namely, that it encouraged audiences to view movies more as consumable content than as engaging narratives. Let me elaborate

Avatar raked in over two billion dollars at the box office, but remember, it was really expensive to produce. Around $237,000,000.  (The original budget was around $400 million, no studio would fund it back then, so he shelved it for eight years.) Now, if you shell out almost a quarter of a billon dollars to make a movie","Yoshifumi Kond, directed a wonderful Studio Ghibli classic in the 1990s (Whisper of the Heart) and was expected to be the next great creator in line for the company, but died unexpectedly in 1998. Miyazaki was so distraught he briefly retired., Jean Vigo seems like a clear example. He made two classic films in the 1930s, ""Zero de conduite"" and ""L'Atalante"" and then died of tuberculosis before he was 30. ""L'Atalante"" regularly appears on lists of the greatest films of all-time, including on the Sight & Sound polls.","I absolutely agree with this, and I think his treatment of Manson in the film - barely mentioned, minimal attention given to him - only backs that up, as its the perfect insult for someone like Manson. Ignoring him invalidates his legend in this fictional revenge world., For sure. I think Tarantino quite consciously made a trilogy of ""historical do-overs"" with Inglourious Basterds, Django Unchained, and Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. The Manson murders might seem like a curious finale since it's a bit of a downgrade from Hitler and slavery","I'm glad you liked it. It's been one of my favorite films for a long time. There are techniques used in Kane that you can still see used in movies today. It's an epic story but still intimate.

I've always guessed that most film students who don't like Citizen Kane probably only saw it in a classroom, sitting on a hard chair, and watching it on a CRT screen from across the room, all while thinking of the ""greatest movie ever"" reputation. It's the kind of reputation that rankles some folks., I usually advise people to watch a bunch of movies from the 30's first","It's not uncommon in American cinema too. I think the main reason is that middle-aged men are generally who make films & hot young girls who are into older men is a topic they find interesting., The entire plot of Claire's Knee hinges on the trope of an older man's attraction to a teenager. The questionable morality is the whole point for that film and the other films in his series., There is definitely a reckoning going on now in France about the anything-goes attitude towards sexual relations post-1968. Pedophilia was almost mainstream","Youre correct. The term indie used to be pretty straightforward. It used to be simply anything outside of the five majors. Then the majors started buying indie companies or making their own subsidiaries to make studio financed indies and the term indie became muddled. It became less of a term to denote who financed the film and more of a description of an aesthetic or type of film with original plots that the majors wouldnt take a chance on. 

Nowadays, there are really three types of indies. Studio Indies, your Searchlights, Sony Worldwides","I mostly agree with your overall premise (specifically that an emotional connection elevates the material of what we might otherwise consider ""popcorn movies,"" and that this has become more muted in the blockbusters of recent years), but I'm not quite sure I can go as far as agreeing that Top Gun: Maverick manages to be an example of it, at least as far as my viewing of it went.  

I actually enjoyed the movie quite a bit","It's awesome you spent the time to discover a classic old film. I remember seeing it for the first time years ago in college, and had the same feelings you had about it. It's a great example of a studio film from that era. It's perfect: from the cast, writing, photography, directions, and the music by Max Steiner. Glad you liked it!!, I've often speculated why you don't return to America. 

Did you abscond with the church funds? 

Run off with a senator's wife? 

I like to think you killed a man. 

It's the Romantic in me.","I also recommend seeing ""reprise"" from the same trilogy, it has the same feeling, the same actors, but its from a younger person's perspective. I think many art-lovers can relate to it of how they were feeling when they were young

I love Trier because he can show the pain and the loneliness of being a little bit different than the average Scandinavian person, for me as a person living far from that mentality, I always saw the Norwegians different. With good lives and happiness (that's how they're mainly shown) so this was very refreshing to see the more emotional and humane side of people","I don't think he ""relies"" on those things. That's just who he is. Is he becoming something of a self-parody? Sometimes, but most artists with a distinct style are accused of that once their style becomes familiar., This isn't meant to be a barb at anyone","Since we're dealing with anecdotes here, there have been a number of posts in r/movies where someone watches all the Academy Award Best Picture winners and then grades them. 

And nearly every time I see one of these lists Amadeus rises to the top of favorite films. And that always makes me happy because it really is a fantastic film (regardless of historical accuracy). 

So it seems (anecdotally) that the film is still highly regarded and continues to attract new and younger fans., To me","Beautifully said. Ive thought about this from time to time (and with a recent discussion on here about adult animation) but I really believe the massive creative power of animation stalled with his death. Itll be years until there is someone able to do what he did and elevate the form. 

Were you able to see the short Magnetic Rose in your watch? Satoshi Kon wrote it but was directed by Kji Morimoto - its incredibly moving.","You do have a point in that its a lot of filmmakers are having to compose their shots for two or three very different aspect ratios at the same time.

I don't think we're losing anything from filmmakers shooting on IMAX-***sized*** formats, but they should have a certain aspect ratio in mind rather than presenting the film in all manner of different cropped formats., This might be something HBO/Warner reconsider in the future. I've seen on Disney+ there are now ""IMAX Enhanced"" movies that offer the tall aspect ratio in some scenes or the entire picture","Gigli is the best film where Ben Affleck says that Lesbian Jennifer Lopezs former male partners obviously didnt know how to bring home the pearls when they were diving for oysters, The Onion, July 30, 2003: [Gigli Focus Groups Demand New Ending In Which Both Affleck And Lopez Die](https://www.theonion.com/gigli-focus-groups-demand-new-ending-in-which-both-affl-1819566997), This is fascinating, and I'm curious to learn more about why it completely flopped, since both stars were well liked at the time","The only Adam McKay movie Ive ever really enjoyed was Anchorman because it was so absurd and over the top. I think if he brought that cartoony absurdity to his political films, especially something like Dont Look Up thats not a biopic/dramatization of a real event, then hed have something like a Dr Strangelove. I dont think he needs to make bipartisan films or try to be less liberal in his messaging, I just wish it didnt feel so smug in doing it. I can see why some people loved it and others hated it","Eastern Promises. Brutal fight between Viggo Mortensen and Russian mafia thugs who are armed with knives and Viggo is both unarmed and completely naked. Nothing to stop the slashes. They all lose stamina as it goes. One of the best, Not a film, but pretty much every fight scene in the TV show Deadwood was realistic - clumsy, awkward and painful for all the wrong reasons.

Also, the convenience store fight scene in The Departed when Leo smashes up his hand from a single punch.","My understanding is that the problem is not the sex scenes per se but rather the male-gaziness of a director trying to tell a story about two young gay women. The movie also shied away from the hate and prejudice that the characters experience in the graphic novel - particularly the ending. Taking all of this together, I struggle to understand why Kechiche was the one to direct this adaptation in the first place. He doesnt seem that interested in the *main theme* of the story (homophobia)","It's an adaptation of a play where people speak in verse. I think it perfectly suits the film to have it look like it's being performed on a surreal and impossible stage. The movie was never going to feel grounded so leaning into the cerebral makes perfect sense., Not to fall away from the point, but I feel like too often we're using ""cinematography"" as a shorthand for all the elements on screen. 
Macbeth's look is also largely scenography and art direction. Lot's of inubtrusive VFX work in compositing all the environments too I'd imagine.  

The film has a large German expressionism vibe","Heeeeeeell of a film. 

I remember the first time I watched it. I've heard about the movie, think from Ebert, and was excited. And the movie plunges in straight away and it's a hell of a ride. 

There is a shot towards the end when suddenly it cuts to the restaurant, and the waiters are wrapping up and its empty. 

One of my favourite moments in film ever","Easily one of my favourite films of all time. One of my favourite aspects of the film is just how great the camera work is. So much dialogue is often just shot as shot/reverse shot, but 12 Angry Men handles it with so much more care. Although to be fair it kind of has to because the entire film is mostly dialogue. Sometimes you watch a long take and it feels like a long take","They've moved to streaming. Unfortunately comedies never were huge blockbusters on a regular level, combine that with the fact that many comedies don't have giant set pieces that demand the big screen, big speaker, theatrical experience, and you have a recipe for the slow death of theatrical comedies.

There was an episode of How Did This Get Made where it was brought up that if someone were to replicate the model of Blumhouse, but for comedy instead of horror","I know there were some people who strongly defended the movie, but between some of the mixed reception and the embarrassing ""F"" CinemaScore (not embarrassing for the movie, to be clear), I've been waiting for this movie to really come into its own. It's not like it's critically maligned, and I only saw it a few years ago, but I vaguely remember when the movie came out as a kid. As I got older, I'd see the poster from time to time and remember never really hearing anything about it, which struck me as odd because it was from Friedkin. It might only be mildly overlooked",N/A,"[removed], Can we all just take a moment of silence for the people who's biggest problems in life are the potential cultural ramifications of a potentially problematic relationship in a fucking PTA movie lmao. A movie made by a guy who makes movies about fucked up runaways who get sucked into the porn industry, and sex addicted alcoholic veterans masturbating into the ocean... How am I supposed to know how to feel about this? I can't stand the moral ambiguity. Damn it I thought this was a Pixar movie!","I'm glad I'm finding others who see Catch Me If You Can as a great Christmas movie. I saw it opening day on that Christmas in 2002 and it just felt so right. I try to watch it every year., Delicious. Finally, a good fucking post. Theres also the Jewish connection to consider. Spielberg and his family grew up as Orthodox Jews and were often ostracized as a result. Spielberg, in his desperate need for conformity, would ask his parents to put lights out on the lawn so that they wouldn't be the only dark house","I'm glad I'm finding others who see Catch Me If You Can as a great Christmas movie. I saw it opening day on that Christmas in 2002 and it just felt so right. I try to watch it every year., Delicious. Finally, a good fucking post. Theres also the Jewish connection to consider. Spielberg and his family grew up as Orthodox Jews and were often ostracized as a result. Spielberg, in his desperate need for conformity, would ask his parents to put lights out on the lawn so that they wouldn't be the only dark house","Mad God is an hour and twenty minutes of grotesque imagery and no dialog. Its a mind bending descent through hell. Check it out. It took the director over thirty years to make it and it is exceptional in it's delivery. Its stop motion and the attention to detail is really one of a kind., *Jacobs Ladder* is the most terrifying to me, because it so effectively straddles the line between the worst environments the imagination can conjure and plausible scenes of real-world suffering. Im reasonably confident it was an influence on the Silent Hill franchise","Just saw it a few hours ago. Gets better and better every time I watch it. Everything about the tone and style is phenomenal. 

I always try to watch something when it's out in theatres any chance I get., I just saw it and if previously seen it in 70mm. And I honestly have to say, this was better. 

The remastering was amazing. It was so clear there were times that I mentally thought I was looking at CGI because they were all so young. But in reality","[removed], Interesting to hear your comparisons with Fincher, because for my money, no one knows where to place a camera better than Fincher, but the first time I saw *Sicario*, I had the exact thought that his camera placement and shot selection reminded me of Fincher so much.

Villeneuve doesnt quite have the visual panache of Fincher (ie. I couldnt see him pulling off some of the more daring, VFX-assisted camera moves from *Fight Club*, *Panic Room*, etc), but he has a very unhurried way of letting tension build in a scene and not using coverage to just cut between master",It's a really great quote and I think you can see just how much it has affected Lynch's working relationship with his longtime collaborators. There were a handful of people who were sick or terminally ill during the production of season 3 of Twin Peaks (most notably Miguel Ferrer \[throat cancer\] and Catherine Coulson \[cancer\]) who put in days,"This film literally haunted me for days when I watched it back in summer of 2011. Its a masterpiece yes, the soundtrack is the best, so eerie, haunting, sad and chilling. Filmed in such a way that captures the addicts soul and you see the characters lives spiralling out of control, but the subject matter is just so triggering., Like most headtrip novel adaptions, I would suggest you read the book if the subject of the film has you intrigued.  Its absolutely exhausting to read, there are no quotes","Just to give some more context to this discussion:

Question: Where do you think these two go after this movie ends?

Chazelle: They had a moment at the end of the film, but I feel these two will always hate each other.
I think so. I think it's definitely a fleeting thing. I think there's a certain amount of damage that will always have been done. Fletcher will always think he won and Andrew will be a sad, empty shell of a person and will die in his 30s of a drug overdose. I have a very dark view of where it goes.

Source: https://www.slashfilm.com/535179/whiplash-ending/?utm_campaign=clip","While your overall point may be right, I wouldn't worry too much about what the Oscars are doing. If you look at the history of the Oscars, it's really a mixed bag. Sometimes they honour artistic movies but more often they honour low-brow or, at best, middle-brow crap. This has been the case since the very beginning., I dont think the audience has changed","Its extremely effective and economical storytelling. Jurassic Park and Raiders of the Lost Ark are both masterclasses in tight screenwritingeverything is so tightly focused and theres such a synergy between dramatic tension, worldbuilding, and character development. Those classic Spielberg flicks are definitely desert island movie material., [removed], Great post. I know it can be obnoxious to respond But have you read the book to posts about movies. But, if you (or others) havent read Jurassic Park, the beginning is so so good","""After having sex, Yu suddenly revealed to him that she was pregnant and the child was likely his. She was unaware that Cheng did not want to have children with anyone else besides his wife, and upon being informed of this, he immediately started making plans to get rid of her.

On the following morning, while Yu was putting on make-up, Cheng got one of his shotguns and shot her in the back, leaving her to bleed out on the floor while looking at him.""

Normally, I try not to be too judgmental of other people. But I'm gonna just come out and say it, this Cheng Peng guy seems like a real jerk!","I think this dovetails into the conversation we were having about [A24 and its popularity](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueFilm/comments/twa3iz/how_did_a24_become_such_an_instant_trusted/i3e78ay/?context=3) the other day. One of the reasons they are so beloved is that the original screenplay mid-budget film has become such a rarity, and they seem to be occupying that niche consistently with their distribution decisions (a lot of their films seem to be around \~$20m budgets)",N/A,">someone like Charles Laughton wouldnt count - his film is one of the best of all time but it doesnt exist in the context of other work.

*""People always want to know why he never directed another picture. He died, that's why.* 

Robert Mitchum, Neil Blomkamp's reputation precedes him as the guy who made District 9 (who most agree is a good movie) and then followed it up with three more features that range from underwhelming to absolutely terrible., Richard Kelly comes to mind immediately. He hit it off with Donnie Darko and then nothing really notable since then. Southland Tales wassomething","I think its because he himself is a fan of films and he hasnt gone down the path of the fast and furious actors where they refuse to ever lose a fight. Tom cruise as an action star can make mistakes and slip up, or take a punch. 

Hes also a nut job that puts himself in danger and makes practical stunts which always looks good on film., Cruise has had such an interesting career. Probably 1-of-1","I thought The Northman was absolutely magnificent. I'm surprised to hear its getting poor audience feedback, I honestly thought it was quite straightforward and accessible for an Eggers film. It definitely has hallmarks of his style, but it's a far cry from the mind bending madness of the The Lighthouse. 

Considering it's telling a story as old as time he did a great job of making it feel engaging and fresh. The blending of the supernatural elements was really well done too. Great movie with just enough artistic flair to elevate it","Good write up - agree with you, Zodiac is fantastic. If you're interested, it's worth checking out some of the 'making of' content and director's commentary because the lengths they went to to recreate the reality of what happened is mind boggling. Things like the murders being filmed at the actual sites they were committed, and they landscaped the areas to remove trees that wouldn't have been there, etc. Fincher says part of his motivation making the film was to reignite the hunt for the killer, which he felt merited depicting the crimes as true to life as possible.","It's subjective if he was ""acclaimed"" but I think critics generally like Tim Burton's early stuff like Edward Scissorhands and certainly Ed Wood. He's always been able to get big audiences but it really feels like since Alice in Wonderland, he has become kind of a hack version of himself and really sold out. Miss Peregrine was absolutely awful and it seems like Dumbo was also a huge miss. The fact he is even doing these kind of projects now is pretty lame compared to the originality of his early career., Joseph Losey -- if I understand correctly","I think a fair bit of variety exists in foreign cinema and not all has the same tone as Gomorrah. Le Samurai completely glamorizes the life of an assassin.  And a lot of French New wave like Godards Breathless (RIP) at least make the criminal very cool. Lots of Yakuza pics too glorify the criminal underground, its a huge genre in Japanese cinema., I think it's a bit of a reach to say that Casino or Goodfellas gloss over the violence. The depictions are pretty shocking. They are then contrasted with the unempathetic glibness of humor. EDIT: In the case of Scorsese films","Semi-seriously I think the film suggests that all the trouble could have been avoided had Bruce only taken the meeting with the accountants at the beginning and been more responsible in overseeing his father's financial legacy., >The film wants to name check systemic issues, but doesn't want Batman to solve them 

This isn't a bug, it's a feature. Batman can't solve systemic problems. He can punch individual ones. So who can solve systemic problems? Bruce Wayne. And really","This movie needs to come up more often in discussions about movie length, because this is a movie that's over three hours long and doesn't feel like it. People that say long movies are boring need to watch it, and filmmakers that pad their movies until they're unnecessarily and unbearably long can learn a thing or two on how to utilize a movie's length.

I watch this movie and time flies. I am simply in awe of the desert shots. And the dialogues are great","Follow this series and watch the films that go with the lectures:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFOsw1Vccac&ab\_channel=MITOpenCourseWare](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFOsw1Vccac&ab_channel=MITOpenCourseWare)

It's an MIT Intro Film course for free. This is basically how I went from ""I like movies"" to actually beginning to understand film. And it's in chronological order so it'll give you the early history you're looking for.","While much of that might be valid, I honestly think the bigger issue is that the choose-your-own-adventure format is a gimmick, it's primary appeal is that of a gimmick, and once the gimmick was experienced, there was very little demand for more (at least, among movie-watching adults).

I know very, very few people who are asking for interactive movies. The people who want interactivity and branching narratives want full-blown videogames, and the people who want movies want a singular, complete","I am head over heels in love with this movie. I saw it for the first time this fall and man, I just couldn't look away. Sam Neil and Isabelle Adjani absolutely own the screen every single second they're on it and every acting choice either of them make is bold, daring and surprising. Possession isn't for everyone, but it really goes for it and almost everything worked for me. Definitely a new favorite of mine","I'm a firm believer in local storage and when possible, physical media, so I totally support you in this. When you rely on streaming, you're outsourcing your film collection to a third party & paying them a monthly fee for read-only access to their cloud storage. Although I do appreciate the convenience of streaming, I own the movies I really care about, because I don't want to rely on anybody else to store my movies. So go right ahead, start a Blu-Ray collection!!","I watched this film for the first time essentially saying oh my god out loud every five minutes.

I read more about the book on which the film is based (havent read it yet), because I noticed that it was difficult to tell whether the film was made by a man or a woman when I first watched it. I originally assumed it was Hupperts influence (she tends to give this feeling  has her own immense gravity). Later I found that the novels author is a woman, and that the focus of the book appears more to be on the mother-daughter relationship. I hope, one day","I only miss them if the movie is at least three hours long. I would think theatres would support intermissions because they must increase concession sales. Overtures and intermissions were quite popular in the 50's and into the 60's when there were lots of lengthy epics being made. Sorry to hear you've had so little sleep!, My assumption is that they want to cram as many possible showings in a day as they can to make more money, so they removed intermissions for that.

I would love to see them comeback for longer films as well! They give you time to go the restroom if need be"